Positive Vibes all of y'all happy Friday
and welcome to the WAN show what the
heck we've got a great show lined up for
you guys today the new Apple Mac Mini
looks absolutely flipping outstanding to
the point where I am starting to wonder
if you're a non-gamer is there any other
computer that matters I mean you'll be
able to play cyberpunk on it soon that's
a strong statement I know but I might
end up standing behind it depending on
how our testing of it goes wow I'm open
to having my opinions changed but right
now I'm liking it a lot we're also going
to be talking about playing Minecraft
with AI That's Right AI company decart
decart whatever it doesn't matter the
point is they've released a playable AI
model that was trained on Minecraft that
allows you to play Minecraft without
actually playing the game of Minecraft
wow no textures no game engine no
nothing just AI that sounds like the
worst uh well we're going to try it all
right we get to try it it's playable in
browser very playable doesn't it play it
oh no no you play it oh you'll figure it
out he'll figure it out what else we got
I fix it figured it out and they have
fixed
McDonald's they have fixed McDonald's
soft serve machine problem so that's
good if you want ice cream and good if
you care about right for repair for one
particular extremely wealthy company um
also multiple people did really cool
things with Hardware no no no no no no
no no no okay well we'll get it okay not
the company thing we'll get to that
later it actually matters a
lot and we have someone who took I can't
find it here did it make it ah yes
spotify's car thing is saved
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
manscaped one password and Squarespace
and of course by our chair partner
secret lab our laptop partner LG and our
rap partner
dbrand let's jump right into our
headline topic which is of course the
Apple Mac Mini with their new M4
processor Apple began the week by
announcing a new Mac every day to help
keep
the I mean doctor away I guess right
like that's got to be the joke is that
the joke I hope so I guess so uh they
began with the M4 iMac followed finally
got a new iMac uh followed by the
redesigned Mac Mini and a refreshed
lineup of MacBook Pros in addition to
the M4 Apple likewise announced the M4
Pro which is available for the Mac Mini
and MacBook Pro lineup and the M4 Max
sorry not the iMac no the iMac was only
M1 last time around if I recall
correctly why I'm I'm I'm could be a
little rusty on that but if I recall
correctly it was it was only available
because I don't know it's just a it's
basically a screen with a basic computer
in it I think is kind of the idea it's
the Facebook surfing machine sure uh
people would probably give them a hard
time if it did have a high-end processor
in it because it would be priced so much
for such a basic Facebook browsing
machine um all right anyway hold on hold
on hold on and the M4 Max okay uh and
the M4 Max which is only available in
the MacBook Pros uh Max with an M4 Pro
or Max will now have multiple
Thunderbolt 5 ports rather than
Thunderbolt 4 which I'm extremely
excited about we'll talk about in just a
moment here and for the first time the
newest generation of iMac will have
support for two
screens all right the Mac Mini though is
the one that I want to talk about
because some of the okay notes are we
didn't give them much time to work on
the notes today
um and unfortunately I really need to
look at the at the dock here one second
or at my spreadsheet where I added the
topic uh M4 here we go uh nope this is a
previous week oh boy we're off to a
really good start today okay the Mac
Mini Luke let's go shopping okay that's
what I want to do for this segment all
right so I'm going to be a Mac and
you're going to be a PC boy so I'm going
to go on apple.com I'm just going to
pick another country or region sorry
hold on I blue
screen got him so I'm going to go to the
United States and you're going to go on
PC part
picker okay here we go I'm going to shop
for a Mac and you're going to try to
build a PC for the same price as me so
for starters here let's uh here we go
Mac Mini pre-order let's have a look at
the price that you're going to be
looking at so we're going to go with the
let's go with the starting Mac Mini uh
that comes in at
$5.99
$600 so Luke why don't you put together
a pretty decent machine for
$600 it's been a while since Luke has
really you know shopped for computer Sho
for a computer because he's gotten them
for free since he started here which was
like 12 years ago was before then yeah I
I believe him I believe in him I believe
that he can do it and guys chat feel
free to pick in feel free to pitch in
and give Luke some ideas for starting
points for things like you know CPU if
there's any how much are motherb chips
he should be looking at motherboard man
motherboards have spiked in a big way
they kind of ruin this whole thing to be
honest like you used to be able to get a
pretty decent board for like 80
90 yeah yeah like Canadian you'd
probably be looking at more like 115
120 but now like a decent motherboard
you're looking at like more like $10
$140 um unless you're willing to make
some compromises there are lower-end
chipsets but sometimes they can come
with pretty bad compromises um
especially if you want a machine that
you're going to be able to kind of
upgrade for a while add more m.2 storage
and stuff like that so wait how much do
I have 600s $600 yeah and and you're on
PC part picker I believe that's in Us by
default yeah I think so uh yes okay so
guys feel free feel free to pitch in I I
don't see anyone trying to help you
which is a little discouraging get a
sure oh
man how much RAM does yours have uh okay
yeah yeah yeah so can I know some specs
on absolutely this is very exciting for
the first time uh I think ever Apple has
finally acknowledged that the year is
now 2020 plus and they no longer are
offering a base model machine with only
8 gigs of RAM they have 16 gigs of ram
in that base model so Luke why don't you
go ahead and find yourself a 16 gig what
are you doing no don't just don't don't
don't do that build a computer jeez okay
so find yourself a nice 16 gig kit of
ram smaller too power button in the
right place s sorry memory um 16 gigs
yeah you need 16 gigs of RAM to match
the base model new Mac Mini see p are a
little bit too based which is part of
the problem cuz they automatically
assume you want two * 60 uh yeah you've
got filters you got filters you you
don't need that you just need even more
RAM yeah I suppose so the problem with
this whole contest is that we are
lowering ourselves oh my goodness okay
but we're not actually competing just
configure a computer for cry out loud
are you a politician you're too good at
this this
guy uh how much storage do you have uh
okay that's where things do fall apart a
little bit assuming tab I only get
256 gigs of storage can I even select
that I only get 256 gigs of storage and
that is a pretty frustrating thing that
remains still about Apple's lineup is
how much they charge for really small
amounts of storage and what's especially
frustrating about it for me is I know
that a big part of why they're charging
so much for it is that The Sweet Spot
for price to capacity has moved past 256
gigs so they're charging so much for it
because it's just a terrible value on a
component level to build such a tiny SSD
these days The Sweet Spot for capacity
is probably more like in the one
terabyte range now with that said I'm
trying to think like how many dies would
be on on a one tbte drive now is it is
it one or two for the most
part think it would be two I I haven't
looked that closely at them in the last
probably year so apparently you can do
them with one yeah so that sweet spot is
definitely more like in that one terab
range um so you are you're basically
just like wasting silicon to make 256
gig
storage um so that's that's going to
that's going to kind of impede Luke
because he's not going to get a great
deal on his SSD yeah it was 18 bucks
whereas if I start oh okay that's pretty
not that bad still pretty good actually
so it looks like there's a really broad
Sweet Spot these days then because
you'll probably pay oh yeah no no yeah
no that's yeah that's a bad deal because
the thing is you there's there's a
certain amount of cost that is just in
the cost of making anything at all and
shipping it and QA it and developing it
um so there's only so cheap that you can
make something that's why that's why you
can buy a hard drive like a modern hard
drive for $250 and you can't buy one
that is 12th the capacity for $12
because you just you still have to put a
motor in it you still have to ship it
around the world you still have to pay
someone to assembly assemble it like
there's there there's just fixed costs
that are associated with bringing a
product to Market at all um okay sorry
we're back on Luke's laptop what do you
got what do you got do do I need to uh
buy an operating system well I mean the
Mac comes with one that's what I thought
you were gonna say well but with that
said with that said we have a video
coming in a little while about how
Windows doesn't necessarily uh you can
it can be obtained for a lot less than
$120 so why don't you leave you know
what I'm nothing if not uh gracious and
benevolent kind uh yeah so leave out the
operating system this is where I'm at
currently take the operating system out
okay so we're going to Luke laptop okay
what do you what do you got what do you
got walk us through it ryzen 57600 X
which is the first thing I chose so I
didn't really Speck it in too much um
one of the cheapest motherboards I could
find ended up being m x 16 GS of
acceptable Ram um a SSD that you
shouldn't buy to be completely honest
but it fits the storage thing of of your
side um a relatively cheap matx case y
but like attractive but it's all right
it's not bad you're going up against
Apple you're going to have to have a
reasonably you know decent
looking like so I I I didn't go for just
a piece of junk um and I found one of
the cheapest 600 W power supplies I
could find which is Overkill wattage
wise but I didn't really want to get
like something something that Lucas
would warn you is going to blow up yeah
this one was decently rated
um sort of okay I don't know sure okay
um and I've got a little bit more money
to play with yeah you've got some more
money to spend um with that said you
might have some you might have some
things to kind of deal with here do you
have Wi-Fi cuz I do yeah I think so are
you sure I think this board has it
actually oh I'd be pretty surprised at
that price point nope okay so you're
you're probably gonna need some Wi-Fi
why don't you go get some Wi-Fi get
Wi-Fi wi okay cool I also need a cooler
uh no no that should come with a cooler
are you sure yeah you should be good to
go it looks like the slim box oh shoot
oh that's a 7600 yeah yeah you're going
to need a cooler yep you'll need a
cooler you'll need a cooler you'll need
some Wi-Fi I might have some other
things to inform you that you're going
to need but why don't you go ahead and
add those first and see how it goes for
you do I just get a cooler that I know
won't fit in this case at all and just
not worry about it oh no no I think
you're probably going to need a cooler
that fits in your case smart guy why I
could get something huge and it would be
cool yeah you could just hot rod it you
know it stick out the side of the case I
I won't get something way too big but I
also just like don't actually know what
would fit in here um I don't know maybe
you guys can maybe you guys can help him
maybe you guys can help him a little bit
like a low profile am5 uh oh $55 for
noctua cooler yeah I don't think we're
going to be doing that uh I think PC
part picker has clearance assume that
this fits sure you know what it's not
mad at me good enough okay go find go
find a Wi-Fi card or do I just upgrade
the motherboard you could upgrade to a
motherboard with onboard Wi-Fi yeah
totally 100 bucks let's see if I Bonk
that out what I can get he bonked it uh
you can filter by having Wi-Fi I think
this is only like 20 something dollars
more uh is there a Wi-Fi thing probably
I would think so they've got pretty good
pretty good filters onboard ethernet
Onboard
video I believe hey look at that oh um
yeah you're going to need like pretty
good Wi-Fi by the way your Wi-Fi 7 or
what uh I'm just going to check real
quick but I think so it's either that or
60 you know what I I'll I'll allow 60
but I'm I'm going to double I'm going to
double check what kind of uh what kind
of Wi-Fi I
have H I mean Apple has its own issues
with shopping it doesn't even freaking
say 60 apparently 60 okay there you go
okay so you can have Wi-Fi 60 okay okay
what are you
at how you doing for pricing saves me
$10 $560 wow PC is $40 ahead uh you're
going to need
Thunderbolt
oh can I sort by that I don't this thing
has I'll tell you I'll allow I'll allow
no Thunderbolt I'll allow no Thunderbolt
uh but you will that what you will need
is some USBC ports you got any USBC
ports I think so does the case have any
that's not the right
picture yep you've got USBC at least one
you've got at least one does your
motherboard support it does it have a
front header for USBC ooh
oo oh
man what do you got what do you got Luke
trying to see
oh yeah USB 3.2 gen one headers let's go
yeah you got it you got it if that's uh
if that's Su specs for the board there
wait you have an ITX board uh yeah and
now we have an matx case you're making
me change things on the fly my guy look
I'm just I'm trying to I'm just trying
to help the ram still fits everything's
still technically work I'm just trying
to help you beat me you need a 10 core
CPU uh I didn't actually say a word I
just made a sound if if it's got to have
Thunderbolt then it needs to be right um
no no he gave me a pass on that one and
USB 4 is in some ways functionally the
same don't mention the
graphic shut up so uh okay where where's
your 10 core CPU at hold on is there a
core count yeah there we go oh wait no
other way around yeah technically every
word is just a sound so hey well we
don't need to get into technicalities
over here okay so here we go see I
actually can't cuz I can only get better
than that
unfortunately also not all cores are
made the same uh your cores are going to
need to be pretty good h i mean we don't
need to we don't need to get into that
also you're going to need a pretty
decent
GPU okay why don't you throw just for
the sake of argument why don't you throw
like a a 3050 why don't you throw a 3050
in
there that's what you saying is a pretty
good GPU well it's on board it's you're
going to need you're going to need what
would be an extremely good onboard
GPU uh California 909 says 10 core arm
isn't the same as 10 core x86 California
909 needs to get caught up on some tech
tips because arm versus x86 is not the
whole story um it's it's it's down to
the actual design of the cores and uh no
that is not the
case do we have to do the 10 core
thing cuz there's actually just like not
very many of those tell you what tell
you what as long as you have a really
solid 8 core CPU I'll allow it okay
current
gen yeah yeah you're not going to be
able to use a 7,000 series wa no that's
not
current
uh now that he's working on Labs he's
going to be such a liability on the web
show oh man this was great wait so isn't
that the processor that I had no you had
a 7,000 series you're going to need
9,000 Series my
guy oh but no one actually likes those I
mean it doesn't matter you're going to
need a you're they're not very good
they're they're fast and efficient I
mean I'm going to draw way less power
than you even 9,000 fine as long as you
got eight cores all
yeah I genuinely think that processor
was
fine all right how you doing over there
good
gravy goodness gracious the GPU is
really the problem I mean the whole
thing is really the problem now I'm now
it's my do have integrated Graphics now
it's my turn to shop uh yeah but like
not good enough they don't compare check
this out for
$600 I'm getting a 10 core CPU whatever
10 core GPU means but their their
onboard GPU on M4 is quite quite nice 16
gig what what if you make that storage a
respectable amount well we'll get to
that what happens to the competition
then H we'll get to that in a minute
first up I'm getting 16 gigs of unified
memory and 256 gigs of SSD storage which
honestly speaking I actually don't mind
as much as them nerfing the Ram oh
because as someone who's going to use a
Nas anyway and who doesn't need storage
on my PC honestly we tried to roll out
sorry to cut you off but we we tried to
roll out some new standardized laptops
Dan Dan will know about this too uh to
the business team and we got we got
viciously screamed and yelled at by your
employees because of not having enough
RAM no they were fine um but 16 gigs of
RAM they didn't like it really yeah who
sorry what team capping out too many
tabs to many tabs so many Chrome tabs
too many tabs hilarious we've been
through two or three laptops for some
people because they have so many tabs
that they just explodes okay interesting
yeah all right so let's go let's go back
to my to configure your RAM up and your
and your storage up uh well yeah but you
only have 16 gigs of RAM so that would
affect your budget too hold on we'll get
to it I suspect yours will go up more
the point is I don't mind the SSD that
much because I'm I'm using a Nas for
storage anyway all right I got three
Thunderbolt 4 ports I have an HDMI port
um couple USBC ports in addition to my
thunder bolt ports headphone jack okay
uh hold on hold on we're going to get
we're going to get to Ram we're going to
get to ram in a second those are
expensive I don't want to talk about
this first of all for my for my Nas I uh
you know I'm going to need 10 gig and I
don't really need Final Cut Pro or logic
pro that's fair the point is at the
starting at the base
configuration this good enough for most
people is an absolutely killer machine
is the only thing that I think that I
would recommend for like Grand papy oh
yeah needs a needs a computer ma Min
have been killer for a long time and
this is honestly a very good jump dude
there's definitely going to be some
stuff for us to talk about in the review
like the fact that they put the power
button on the bottom it's like why how
often are you turning off your computer
why yeah but who cares why it's like
Aesthetics athetics you know they
redesigned the mouse again and they put
the charger on the bottom again is there
an Apple logo on the top of it again
they put the charger on the bottom I'm
not surprised again is there an Apple
logo on the top of the Mac Mini like
it's just uh oh here we can see the
whole Gallery right right they should
just made that the power button look and
it should glow it should glow like the
old MacBook why not sure where am I
going to put my coffee then oh my
goodness anyway the point is the point
is that um I don't like that this thing
is absolutely killer until the second
you want to upgrade it so this is where
things do get a little bit more
complicated you can see that the $800
configuration changes only that you get
256 gigs of storage
trash um so for context let's just fire
up the old
newegg.com what would
256 gigs actually you know what no let's
see what 2 terab of uh of storage would
cost me over on new egg. LOM which is
like got to be basically I wouldn't say
a minimum but like pretty normal these
days for
$154 and that's a nice WD black drive
like there's a cheaper Samsung one right
below it and even that is a ni One is
even cheaper brand name Drive yeah um
that is a 990 Evo that is a that is a
really nice I'm fairly certain uh for 2
terab you can get under 100 bucks that's
a nice SSD um so apple is literally
charging an order of magnitude more than
commodity SSD pricing for a storage
upgrade speaking of which oh shoot I
forgot to have this added to the dock
but someone someone like hacked together
um Apple SSD upgrade harness or
something uh oh no I can't find it I
can't find it uh if someone can find it
send it to me uh but someone made a way
to upgrade the ssds in in Max uh like
some Hardware Hardware hacker um and
then things don't get much
better a mere 8 gigs of memory okay so
that appears to be the only upgrade
going from the $800 configuration to the
$1,000 configuration I get eight more
gigs of RAM that will cost me another
$200 so go going to for context for
context here's 32
gigs of
ddr5 sorry sorry for context here's 64
ddr5 whoopsy
Doodles for
$200 so Go Go app just can't resist Luke
we don't need to do 64 gigs let's let's
not let's not can't resist but let's go
to 32 gigs on the apple configurator and
a 2 terb SSD and how much does that cost
all right all right let me start with my
base let me start with my base
configuration so the business team would
not accept you're going to accept 16
gigs and a 2 terab SSD and I think 2
terab SSD is fair just as a reminder
guys just as a reminder oh my God we
just spent okay on New Egg for 64 gigs
of memory and a 2 terab
SSD we just spent about $350
we went from a $600 machine buying half
as much memory half as much memory and
the same and actually Less storage
slightly less storage cuz we had the 256
gig to start we went from a $600 machine
to an
$1800
computer that's how they get you that's
a rip that's a rip right there that's
how they get you Apple gives you the
first hit for cheap now I can just like
get whatever I want yeah yeah you can
have whatever you like um yeah so I
think that our review of the M4 Mac Mini
is going to be a little bit complicated
because as a basic machine that kind of
does 98% of what any non-gamer so we're
talking non-gamers it'll probably do 98%
of what 90 plus% of people would need
and it'll do it for a long time Apple
supports their products with software
for a very long time and that used to be
a major strength for the PC platform but
I feel like it's actually been a little
less things have been a little bumpy
with trusted platform modules um with
vulnerabilities that are only getting
patched back a couple of generations um
you've got so you've got to give credit
to Apple for the things that they do
well at that entry level price this
thing absolutely
slaps but as soon as you start tweaking
anything Luke's sitting over here
building an $1,800 computer right now I
guess having fun is that what you're
working on okay well let's see let's see
let's see how you're doing over here I
upgraded to a 7800 x3d I upgraded to a
uh 4070 yeah I haven't changed the like
the SSD or the ram yet but that honestly
won't price much okay I think I think
you owe Apple a motherboard with like
some USB 4 ports or something Fair do
that if we're going to be if we're going
to be somewhat fair to Apple here yeah I
I barely even really started yeah people
want to see like a 4070 or something
like that like let's outperform this
thing it was a 4070 oh did you no yeah
that was a 4070 in there ni
um motherboard
shopping oh boy yeah it's fine just use
filters you got
this he's got this not to mention that
you're going to have all the PC like DIY
PC benefits of you know PCI Express
slots that you can expand and if you go
am5 in particular which AMD has
committed to support until I believe
it's 2027 uh you
may oh sorry I had something in my eye
there uh you may see future upgrades to
the CPU that Luke has chosen for example
um that might offer um measurable
performance improvements
potentially allegedly
um what you got there you find I still
need Thunderbolt right no no no as long
as you got USB 4 and you got decent
number of USBC ports board is actually
pretty legit then for in regards to
Features okay all right cool uh cool
what else you got you got probably get
it a better cooler you could probably
get more RAM if you wanted what are you
even at for your price these out 1360
you're at
$1350 Wow Let's Get yeah 32 gigs of RAM
why not that seems pretty good all right
it's less than 100 bucks by the way well
I think we've made our point on this
topic we can move on I got a 4 tab drive
just for
I'm still under your budget you got to
rub it in like that hey all right I see
how it is I could yeah I could get a
sick knock to it cooler as well still be
under Bud yeah well your computer's like
huge so the Mac Mini is mini so get
wrecked yeah get wrecked get wck I win I
declare victory for team Apple I
unapologetically declare Victory all
right what do you want to talk about
next uh Let's do plory let's do some of
these modder things this was a really
cool week for for modifications do you
want to do the car thing or do you want
to do the uh steam deck framework yes
all right steam deck framework I I
wasn't answering your question okay
whatever you pick what you like picked
one okay the Beth deck yeah this thing
is really cool do you want to go for it
no no mod Beth Lee Lei Lee I'm going to
go with Lee uh has designed her own
gaming handheld built around a framework
13 laptop main board if she worked on
textiles instead of Technology she could
be Bethlehem
bethle hem
wow wow okay all right uh you're not
going to ding him all right there we go
sorry I'm still in shock yeah that that
was intense yeah
uh anyways it's called the best I'm
trying to show a picture but um we
talked about this a little bit on the
pre-show dude it's so bad how impossible
it is to use the internet now okay it
looks so cool oh my goodness any anyways
uh they posted 3D print files for the
handheld case to printables and designed
it as a part of an ongoing competition
on the site to make a cool framework
mainboard case included with the files
is a list of necessary Parts in the
description what no way that's awesome
uh like screws and an 8 in 900p
touchscreen all the listed Parts
apparently cost around 200 bucks before
shipping but that doesn't include the
framework mainboard the framework
battery Ram SSD or a Wi-Fi card those a
l up you can get all that from framework
the Beth deck is entirely solderless
except for the listed speakers uh but
they don't actually recommend them
because they they sound like um I
pressed the button I did the thing I was
a good boy
um uh and are too powerful for the small
handheld they claimed that the whole
thing can be assembled in about 15
minutes and disassembled in less than 2
minutes or zero if you try hard enough
uh there are some issues with the design
aside from the speaker the left joystick
is a little bit sticky apparently the
battery can overheat and the power
button flies off and out the window
during
disassembly due to these quirks and the
Design's popularity uh they're releasing
a 1.5 version on November 8th to fix the
smaller problems Beth is also designing
a thinner and lighter 2.0 version which
will apparently feature a custom PCB for
the controls and better speakers wow
dude this is so sick it looks actually
like really cool investment disclosure
I'm invested in framework um this is
amazing someone said try this for a
short circuit video that' actually be
kind of sick I don't know if that's a
short circuit video but I well they said
it's you make it in 20
minutes h i mean the whole thing can be
assembled in 15 minutes and it's
solderless I guess theoretically that's
a lot of prep for a short circuit video
though that is true sourcing everything
and all that so no promises that it
would be short circuit but I I I feel
like I'd be kind of down to try it could
be fun on an LTT I don't know the value
proposition maybe not amazing not going
to be great but that's also potentially
true for Frameworks yeah no no no yeah
no I'm I'm not hard for the course with
highly repairable things
sometimes I think it's really awesome I
think it's super cool great work Beth
keep it going I love that they're like
making a second revision and stuff yeah
like this is more interesting to me than
than just a a steam deck I don't know
seems cool I mean to be clear there's
still great things about the steam deck
Steam OS oh yeah freaking awesome this
obviously doesn't have track pads um uh
the the audio is tuned really well in
the steam deck it uses uh especi the new
OLED one uses a beautiful OLED display
with HDR like let's be very clear this
is not the thing to buy if you just want
a smooth seamless portable gaming
experience but say you're in the
framework ecosystem upgrading your
laptop sure this is a pretty legit thing
to do with your old motherboard that's
so sick compared to what most old
laptops get used for yeah like yep
either nothing or or a very small un
uncool task dude the number of like Tech
upgrade videos that we've done or
off-site shoots that we've done in
people's homes B basically um where
their old Tech is just I banded in a in
a bag somewhere or behind a shelf
somewhere or whatever turn it into an
handheld gaming machine what if you
could take it with you on the go so sick
very cool do we want to talk about the
other one sure yeah let's do that it's
near the bottom of the dock I think yeah
it's it's right above the sponsors
spotify's car thing has I I would say I
watched this whole video is actually
really good um I would say it's it's
straight up saved it says uh is saved
question mark on the talk but like no
this is actually amazing uh YouTuber
damit Jeff released a video this week
discussing custom firmware for spotify's
car thing a $90 device uh the music
streaming company will be remotely
bricking in two months by the way that
that's really stupid yeah not cool so
before then there's desk thing a firware
that has its own companion app for your
PC and that also has an app store for
your car thing that is so cool there's
glance thing which in addition is is
still controlling Spotify playback it
allows you to add shortcuts to launch
apps on your PC similar to something
like a uh a stream deck that's super
cool um and then there's nocturn which
isn't officially out yet and is the only
firmware that managed to get the car
thing's original features working which
is pretty cool uh for now it requires a
host device for networking capabilities
um and and whatnot there's also other
things you can do with it as well
apparently modders have determined car
thing will still be audible after the
brick date as well which is cool um and
honestly I would really just highly
recommend watching the video it's
actually just really cool what they've
done with it um uh Jeff or or Dam it
Jeff also goes over as you can see yeah
really cool ways to mount it and like 3D
printed little things like he has two
different um ways that you can just
mount it so it sits on your desk and
then there's that one where it's it's
actually magnetically held there that is
so cool so it's held under his monitor
but you can just pull it off and move it
somewhere else really cool um I think
it's magnetically held at least but yeah
really awesome come on darn it very cool
video the preview doesn't show you see
if I click a preview my expectation is
that it will take me to a frame that
shows that yeah anyway the point is you
guys should watch the video anyway don't
look at don't don't look at us looking
at the video look at the video for
yourself fantastic video really cool
project I thought it was so cool that I
was like hey maybe I actually want one
of these things and then you went on
eBay yeah and found out that uh they're
like over twice as much as they
originally were what like our notes are
like $90 device cuz it was it was a $90
device it is no longer a $90
device like a $300 device Spotify had no
idea what they had what the heck D they
didn't know what they
had damn it Jeff
oh man the his username could not be
more perfect yeah yeah this is why we
can't have nice broken things Jeff
you're fixed in CPUs and motherboards
he's fixed in car things typical Jeffs
it's all ruined way to go Jeffs as a
group I just I don't condone you I can't
condone you Dam it
Jeff but yeah super super cool I all the
Jeff's in chat apologizing you should
literally mid video I paused it opened
up eBay and was like car thing and I
opened up eBay Canada and looked up car
thing and I was like oh they're just
trying to scam people that don't know
I'll go to the American one and it was
just worse I was like what
yep oh
man oh
well any who it's time for us to explain
merch
messages um yeah we don't do Super Chat
we don't do twitch bits we do merch
messages through because of a
combination of features on other
platforms not actually working correctly
and also we just think it's playing
better if you want to interact with the
show hey why not throw money at your
screen and you know maybe uh producer
Dan replies to you in the bottom here or
just post your message if you have a
shout out or maybe he forwards it to
someone internally to get back to
you what I kill Got Hand
all right I don't I don't
know
oh or maybe he curates it and Luke and I
respond no matter what does or doesn't
happen to your merch message you will at
least get your order in the mail we've
got all kinds of great stuff on LTT
store.com including an exciting new
product launch that's right my friends
it's here the one no not that the one
the only
when show
corkboard wow does it come with the pins
no oh you have to get your home pins oh
but we've had lots of pins I I asked the
team I was like do we have any new pins
to announce with it and they were like
nope and I was like oh you could Mount
Your pins
there that's cool are are you are you
for real right now I mean I don't have
corkboards or or am I a pin collector so
I didn't really put it together but I
didn't put together putting the LD store
pins you are for real right no no no
look look look look in the on the store
they don't use it that way I mean yeah I
guess I mean you could scroll down a
little do they end up using that way
no
no no there's no there's no examples of
this wait shut up no keep scrolling are
there not more pictures that's all this
is the last one that's it we didn't put
any LTT pins on it in the pictures no oh
um
well we've definitely done pin
collections in the past it's also not in
the related products the inspiration for
doing this was definitely for people to
be able to put their LT pins on them
well maybe we can put a picture of that
somewhere cuz I I looked at I looked at
uh this picture and I was like oh yeah
that's neat it's not included this is
how I've used these types of things in
the past but I didn't think about it
being like a a collection thing I forgot
we glove forame a Thanos glove for LT
scorpions o anyway nothing shows I'll
read the thing I'll read the thing
nothing shows your passion for Tech more
than a snazzy new corkboard that lets
people know you watch two big nerds talk
about it for hours every week it comes
with six push pins which are already
inserted into the side and it is super
easy to hang on your wall thanks to its
two Keyhole slots on the back which
conveniently we have put uh magnetic
Cable Management power bar holders into
uh because they will definitely work for
that but anyway two little Keyhole slots
you can just throw a couple nails or
screws in the wall or you can use these
and you can magnetically mount it which
would be super cool uh what else we got
to talk
it's one power bar key is already
attached available now at lm.
g/c corkboard we've got a couple of
other announcements uh flow plane
November update we have a packed
November for our float plane members for
starters we'll be dropping a new why is
wan Late episode next Friday it's a
monthly behind the scenes of lonus and
Luke's time after 4:30 p.m. every Friday
uh we will also have a new person week
airing mid late month it's going to be
Elijah week don't expect any backflips
though I have personally forbiden it it
is for baed finally we're asking our
subscribers to send in questions for
Anon Q&A this says please click they
should just doing Aon
week here this is such a terrible
picture of yon um hi floaties we're
planning on shooting an Ivon Q&A leave
your questions below they may get
answered good Lord that is a lot of
questions
um it's been amazing remember we talked
about that concept Luke of having like a
like a hater wall posting like comments
about how float plane will never work
and will always fail and whatever else
um and like using it as inspiration for
you know yeah flow play is definitely a
thing it's actually a it's a great
Community the the comments and the
interaction under the videos is like
super positive most of the time um I
mean anytime people are passionate about
things sometimes things can get a little
bit heated but it's it's a great in
general it's pretty good though it's a
great Community um and we've got a great
month coming up for you guys and uh all
you got to do is go to lm. g/f
floatplane to get subscribed and you can
submit questions for Sammy to go through
and select uh what else we got oh okay
the last announcement before we do a
couple of merch messages is our exp
partner anchor is once again just oh
wait sorry this post was
deleted uh oh okay well why' they delete
it that's weird I don't know apparently
hold
on someone says no it doesn't list me
there so maybe they finally removed it
for real
yeah what I don't think it was in this
slidy
thing I'm going I'm
going it was here that night used to
be okay probably got deleted cuz they
updated it maybe we're clear then okay
well well anyway okay good well that's
good then uh all right why don't we do a
couple merch messages sure hit me hey
guys lus have you seen the trailers for
Clare obscure Expedition 33 what now as
a fellow turn-based jrpg fan I'd love to
hear your thoughts I'm super excited for
it Claire obscure
Expedition that's not even that's not on
my radar at all yet what is this I don't
know it's coming in next
year okay from
who uh interesting multiplatform release
that's always nice to see
cast reveal
trailer I mean it definitely has a Vibe
so far but no this is this is the first
that I'm hearing of it so uh this might
have to be something that I'll I'll have
to throw on my
list reactive turn-based
combat Dodge Parry en counter okay I
mean that doesn't necessarily like mean
that it's bad I mean Super Mario RPG has
kind the reason why I reacted that way
when people say what the combat is and
they don't show it I always get
suspicious I mean it seems like it's
pretty early it's made
by sandfall interactive sandfall what
are they known for publisher Kepler
interactive I have no idea sandfall
interactive uh games list what have you
guys done
before uh I think this might be the
first one oh good luck
everyone
yeah uh CTO comes from
Ubisoft uh CEO comes from Ubisoft this
is an Ubisoft Splinter company oh okay
as in as
in uh people from Ubisoft left and made
this not not it is an Ubisoft company
well hopefully they're the the good
people from Ubisoft cuz they had to have
gone somewhere my way too short video
that I made was about how this is
happening a lot now yeah uh so and I
mean there is obviously a period of pain
right now in the games industry oh yeah
but what I hope is that projects like
this totally companies like this are
wildly successful and we see kind of
a the growth that comes after the
volcano you know um and and to be clear
the people that are that are suffering
in the layoffs and the and the upheaval
it it's not fun for anyone it's it's
it's terrible but if there was a good
outcome that could happen stuff like
this and and and the success of stuff
like this would be it yeah I I recognize
the the CEO's name um so I'm trying to
look up what they've
done um and my Google fu is failing
right now but I I recognize the CEO's
name um and yeah I mean I hope it does
well I am I am hoping for basically any
of these companies where people split
off from one of these big developers
that are failing pretty hard right now
and they try to make something
themselves I have I have big hopes for
all of them so I hope this one works out
as
well
yeah all right one more hit me Dan sure
third time buyer first time messenger
did you see Jeff gearing's video on the
LTT prision screwdriver and how well did
you enjoy it uh I did see his video um
watch it I watched pieces of it uh like
I watched the sections that I thought
were most relevant I didn't watch like
the fidget spinner bit um Fair seemed
pretty long um I think he's just having
fun with it but yeah I agree I think
that
um how do I put
this I think that it's ultimately up to
every individual user what features of a
product benefit them the most um
I didn't
really fully understand some of the uh
preferences like as as someone who has
worked on small electronics a fair bit
over the years be they um laptops or
phones or game consoles or controllers
or whatever the case may be um you know
I don't see a clear benefit to having a
longer uh hex portion of the bit uh
whereas I do see a very clear benefit to
having a longer blade portion of a bit
um because it happens so often
that um plastic housings will be will
will leave a screw deeply recessed and
having a longer having a longer blade uh
for me means I'll be reaching for the
dedicated Precision fixed drivers a lot
less often than um than I otherwise
would have to um I was a little confused
that
more
hm well he he compared it against their
plastic one when they have a metal one
right yeah that was the main thing that
stood out to me I don't uh yeah
yes
um and their metal one doesn't have the
the bit storage so I I think he might
have gone from a feature standpoint so
he went bit storage against bit storage
instead of metal driver metal premium
driver versus Metal premium driver I I
don't know um something
that you know like to me as someone who
has used a Precision screwdriver a lot
something that would have been apparent
to me very um immediately about our
driver is the superior magnetic strength
compared to other precision drivers it's
one of those little things that we don't
cheap out on that um or I shouldn't even
say don't cheap out on because having a
magnet at all means you didn't cheap out
on the design in my opinion um but that
we we spent extra time and we spent
extra money to to ensure that it was a
really good experience um it's one of
those things that we do that should
be again um pretty immediately apparent
but uh didn't really seem to
draw much attention so I don't know I
mean look the reality of it is obviously
I think our product is great or I never
would have green lit the release of it
so you can't really take my opinion um
and as I always say um you know you
should get multiple uh you should get
you should take multiple opinions
anytime you're looking to buy a product
so whether it's reviews on our site or
whe it's you know other creators that we
sent Creator editions out to you know
all we ask for is the possibility that
they will maybe consider talking about
it um with their own authentic voice and
their own honest
opinions um and so yeah you know that
what that means is that every once in a
while we're going to send out a driver
and someone's going to like it a lot and
every once in a while we're going to
send out a driver and someone's not
going to like it that much and um and
you know that's
that's uh that's how it works so as far
as my understanding goes the the cheaper
one that has bit storage the cap doesn't
spin so you don't have that Palm turn uh
I think it spins a little but not much
like not not well I haven't used it
directly so I don't know yeah yeah I
don't know it's uh it's
interesting all right what are we doing
next the comments on that video
are are pretty I have no comment on the
comments h um have you read the comments
us judges are using algorithmic tools
just kind of whenever they feel like it
original article here is from The Verge
and both it and actually speaking of
comments uh the comment section on that
video excuse me on that article are
worth having a look at because there's
kind of an interesting debate and what
side of the debate you land on I guess
you know can be up to you to kind of see
how you feel about it but I think it's
really worth a read um Dan if you don't
mind throwing the link to The Verge
article into the uh into the various
chats I'd appreciate that very much
thank you thank you thank you but here's
kind of the here's kind of the gist of
it um an an always Tim strapped court
system in the US is increasingly turning
to risk assessment algorithms as a way
of guiding a judge's decision for
whether to Grant bail so a bayth a bayth
inputs the file information and then the
algorithm checks a vast database of past
cases and assigns a score low medium or
high uh or a number on a scale and um
this this system basically is supposed
to algorithmically suggest what the risk
of reoffence might be um these systems
are intended to reduce the impact of
personal bias from a
judge but there's a lot of questions
about how well that's actually working a
recent study published in social
problems found that judges report
accepting or refusing the advice of
these algorithmic tools selectively for
their own human potentially biased
reasons judges reported using these
tools to quickly process lower Stakes
cases even when they weren't confident
in the output that was provided so
basically it's a it's an
algorithmic armor you know it's like a
it's a shield against making a bad
judgment call by just kind of going oh
well the algorithm said imagine your
algorithmic armor had LT pins on it
however they also ac they also admitted
that they were leery of accepting low
scores in cases of domestic violence for
example or other more intimate crimes
due to not trusting the weighing of the
algorithm and also due to concern over
their own reputations to be clear
I 100% agree that in a case of an
intimate crime or domestic violence they
should be airing on the side of high
risk of reoffence not necessarily
because the risk of reoffence is
necessarily higher but because the
stakes are so high if the risk of re
offense for shoplifting a pack of gum is
high that I don't I don't care whereas
if the risk of re offense of you know
assault with a deadly weapon against
your spouse is low vehicular man's I'll
take a I'll take a 99% risk of re
offense for the gum over a 3% risk of
reoffence for spousal assault you know
like I get it I just mean you don't get
to selectively decide if the algorithm
works or not based on your own feeling
in the moment because that's basically
just your own feeling in the moment with
extra step
mhm um the judges reported using the
apparent authority of these systems to
defend unpopular decisions as
well all in all the judges were using
their own moral views as a ruler to
determine whether or not the algorithm
was legitimate and would
shift how they felt about it from case
to
case um other Studies have raised
questions about how accurate this system
is at predicting whether a given
prisoner will defend because they have
found garbage in garbage out problems
where biased training data would cause
certain demographics to be rated as more
likely to reoffend even when the
individual in question doesn't have a
significant past criminal history the
demographics are included in theory no
but the problem with any algorithmic
system um AI included is that if you
tell it hey you can't factor in race for
example it will find foxies like
location the area you live or your
income
um
yeah so dystopia
yeah dyst stopi orcy that's going to be
but hey pay as much taxes because the
you won't have to pay the judges for as
many
hours yeah I guess um until they
just press that button and then sit in
the office and Jud dread it is super
amazing how F how easily dismantled the
whole taxes or theft um argument is oh
boy and how and how quickly how quickly
people change their tune if uh if the
public resources available to them that
they need are not there because they
didn't pay for them oh luk car taxi is
here if you want to get
going all right
with that said I am 100% angry as
everyone should be about the way my tax
dollars are wasted they are not
efficiently used oh yeah oh yeah but
weather taxes as a concept dude should
exist it's like well yeah but the
problem is corruption I I told you the
whole uh was it invasive deer I think it
was on that one
Island have I told you this story The
invasive deer sorry what now let me try
to find this up look this up hold on
invasive deer BC Island helicopter
sniper oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah you told me about this okay
all right uh tax dollars are spent
extremely well there are there are no
problems with tax dollars tax dollars
are fine we need to get rid of some
invasive deer that the hunters would
really really like to go after to the
point where they would pay you to take
these deer out so why don't we spend
over 34 of million dollar let's get some
Americans to come up over the Border
bring a helicopter and go hunting with
sniper rifles in the air to take out 84
deer and let's spend almost a million
dollars on it let's go trig says that's
only $10,000 a deer
Luke is it like the uh emu war in the in
the Australia that was a little bit more
real they deployed the army that was and
still lost yeah
yeah this is this is 84 deer dude that
that that Hunters used to just hunt for
them please and it was fine don't bring
this up again it makes me
irrationally you could gain tax dollars
instead you spent
them ah as someone who pays a lot of
taxes I promise you that this
makes me far more Angry than my
currently calm composed demeanor would
suggest it's so in I can't like it's it
it actually hurts my yeah look look hold
on sorry the cost of the first phase
which includes the helicopter and
Marksman from the US and New Zealand for
some reason is about
$834,000 it's about that much and that's
only the first phase the eradication is
part of a nearly $6 million multi-year
project to restore the land okay that's
cool sick meanwhile do you know what's
going on in Siri schools
no oh instead of having a fixed school
day like you know 8:30 to 3:00 p.m. or
whatever I've heard about this they have
staggered school days so some students
and therefore teachers start earlier and
end earlier and some start later and end
later vastly extending the potential
school day making after school care and
after school um like activity planning
for parents a f nightmare uh not to
mention inconveniencing teachers who
what if you're on the high school
basketball team any the school that
you're playing against does late hours
and your school does early hours it's
it's student by student oh yeah so you
might um and this is because we don't
have enough capacity it's it's a whole
it's a whole thing yeah basically I
don't have to explain this people in the
chat are picking up what I'm throwing
down pretty quick here it's a nightmare
but thank the maker we got rid of those
deer and to be clear uh this is Parks
Canada this is federal this is
provincial and Municipal it's not it's
not actually necessarily the same the
the same coffers that were robbed to go
on a little shooting Expedition you got
to you got to assume that you know like
someone was buddies with someone to get
the assignment to go people do you know
how much people would pay to go
helicopter deer
hunting oh yeah like oh yeah dude oh
yeah you could turn this into a tourist
attraction into a huge event the the the
number of millions of dollars of Tourism
dollars that you could generate for the
province by just making this a tourist
attraction over the next few years
you're spending $6 million are you
kidding me just tell just tell the
hunters of North America cuz I'm sure
people would travel for this hey we'll
give you a 100 bucks a deer and you
don't have to pay us anything dude no
you know why they shouldn't do that
problem entirely oh you know why they're
not supposed to do thats snake rats yeah
yeah you know that whole thing but if
you only gave a license to the parks
like only people who can kill these deer
are sanctioned by us and all of them
have to be accounted for maybe that
maybe that would be fine but if you pay
per head then yeah no um Viper head
argument let me see if I can find this I
haven't heard of this we're about to get
a lesson I also know it is rats I think
it's I I've heard this story a bunch of
times I don't know if any of them are
actually like might be snakes I don't
know what is the original I don't
remember exactly oh yeah Viper has
snakes yeah I think the snakes was the
original one yeah uh I don't know either
either way Cobra heads that's it not
viers yeah Cobra heads Indian cobra head
problem so the the government wanted to
get rid of or the local government or
whatever wanted to get I might say this
slightly wrong I'm sorry uh they wanted
to get rid of cobras okay so they were
like okay well we'll put a bounty on
COBRA heads yeah so if people find a
cobra and they kill the Cobra they can
hand in the Cobra head and they make
money what if they put it in a Romanian
jail Cobra Cobra okay I got you uh that
was pretty good um but they they people
just started breeding cobras so they
could Farm Cobra heads
got it and then you always forget the
you don't forget the end bit okay so
apparently last year locals called 2,000
deer at no
cost and apparently 25% of the 84 deer
that were called were actually local
non-invasive deer oh great probably
because they were up in a helicopter
yeah trying to identify a particular
species of deer
yeah I it's it's actually like it
I it actually causes me physical pain I
I believe the world is worse and humans
are worse for it having known that
story cool the Cobra head story
depresses me a lot less you got to
finish thehead story got finish didn't I
finish it no there's an end part as well
cuz everybody's been breeding these
cobras and then the government goes oh
people are breeding them and then they
get rid of the bounty and then they just
release all of the cobras so now it's
even worse than before yeah you think
they just killed
them no but like you got to keep like
why would I bother now there snakes are
gross well yeah but I honestly I would
think it's like kind of a hassle to
release a cobra I'm assuming it cuz
you'd have to be near it you know or
something just open toss it at the
window yeah dump it off a building got
it I guess but like wouldn't it be
easier to just not do anything and just
like Let It Die like I I I don't know I
I I feel like it's a bit of a protest
give us our Bounty back ah I could see
because at that point it's a business
for people right yeah I could see that
you my business yeah put put them on
planes thanks
Travis also the the the quotes about the
2000 deer whatever that was from uh
creat host Sebastian I don't know if I
mentioned that or not all right thanks
Sebastian yeah I just like my goodness I
don't know how we got on that topic
let's talk about sponsors let's talk
about our business yeah like from
manscaped you might be drooling over the
turkey on the dinner table but don't
forget there's one other bird that
really needs some attention where are we
going with this I get it okay our
sponsor manscaped is here to tidy up the
bird's
nest check out their performance package
5.0 Ultra it includes the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra for some below the belt trimming
with its two interchangeable blades and
the weed whacker 2.0 for your ears and
nose it even comes with their crop
Soother and crop preserver lotions for
your aftercut care to make it even
better manscaped includes their boxers
2.0 and shed 2.0 travel bag for free
make sure your grooming isn't forgotten
this season by checking out the
performance package 5.0 Ultra at
manscaped.com
wow just make sure when you do you use
code wo to get 20% off and free sh
shipping
huh the show is also brought to you by
one password this is Dennis working from
home logging in from his personal laptop
using a random app Our IT team has never
heard of little does he know that could
be where our next security incident
happens
oh but that's the reality of today's
workplace with remote setups personal
devices and unknown apps popping up
everywhere there are more security gaps
than ever that's where our sponsor one
password extended access management
comes in it brings all those unmanaged
devices apps and identities under
control ensuring strong and protected
user credentials known devices and
visible apps one password extended
access management addresses issues that
traditional IM am and MDM can't handle
and it's available now for companies
with OCTA and Microsoft entra and is in
beta for Google workspace customers
check it out at onep password.com
slwo OCTA or
Oka never heard it out loud if I
remember correctly so many of this these
things people get pissed when you
pronounce them wrong but then I only
ever see them written so it's like I
don't know nice OCTA people say OCTA
yeah I thought so Arbiter K says it's
pronounced quote okta endquote thank you
very useful the show is also brought to
you by
Squarespace let's come back to Dennis's
scenario for a moment oh let's say he's
working from home but during work hours
he wants to build an online portfolio
for a job interview what why is he doing
that during work hours to save time and
boost his chances he should probably use
our sponsor
Squarespace it's an all-in-one website
platform that uses AI to help anyone
build a beautiful personalized website
with ease they offer a variety of
awardwinning templates helping you get
your site up and running quickly if you
have an online business you can send
invoices and accept payments from your
clients through debit credit a and more
plus with Squarespace you get access to
analytics so you can track your site's
performance and see what works best for
your business Squarespace is easy to use
which is why we use it for our site too
we actually have a redesign coming that
is a lot more modern I'm embarrassed we
show this still but anyway the point is
uh you can also pick from tons of domain
names with built-in privacy and security
so start building your website today and
receive 10% off your purchase by
visiting squarespace.com
why don't we do a merch
message if you want yeah sure are people
enjoying the corkboard it seems like a
weird uh it seems like a weird thing to
uh yeah if only we sold pins
yeah I don't know what a weird
unexpected unique use case you never you
never know you know when you when you
develop a product you know if it'll ever
make it to the Finish Line if people
will like it oh people like corkboards
okay speaking of the scenario that
Dennis just gave us yes if you were
interviewing someone you're not the
interviewee the interviewer yeah and
they show up on camera you know you do
the webcam thing oh this is a remote
interview to be clear yeah yeah they
show up on camera they're in the webcam
thing you can tell they're in the office
like at work and they booked a meeting
room yeah it's a it's a bad Vibe for
that's a bad Vibe y yeah yeah I I
definitely that puts me uh cuz it's like
uh I don't know it's like it's like
meeting your new man when he's still
with her you know
and I'm not saying that you should have
the kind of loyalty to an employer that
you would have to a significant other
definitely
not but yeah it's not a good vibe is all
I'm saying yeah like have the have the
class to like you know be somewhere
else schedule it for a time when you
aren't you know clearly what if you can
tell yeah that
uh they're like in their car
that's fine that's
fine yeah so they might even still be
like they they basically just went
outside yeah Flappy here says it might
be their lunch in which case it should
be no problem for them to step out yeah
and yeah because they're technically
using like they're in a meeting room
like they're using company property yep
which maybe a rental office uh I doubt
it no I understand what they're saying
it could also be a work space but
usually you can tell yep uh most office
spaces i' I've I've seen this happen in
uh usually you can tell there's like
signage in the background or there's you
know the name of the meeting room on the
wall whatever else we've got a segment
for next week's Wan show oh yeah okay so
we're going to do a tier list we are
going to rank places that people are
calling us from so Dan uh how's the
merch message load this week do you have
a little bit of time to keep an eye on
the uh on the chat for a bit Yeah Okay
cool so if you want to kind of put them
together and uh we're going to do we're
going to do a tier list next week um and
so guys if you want to hit up the float
plane chat for Dan and he can kind of
take some of the good suggestions that
he sees and then next week Luke and I
will Rank and we can we can have some
you know honorable mentions for ones
that are funny sure but in all
seriousness let's
rank how good of a foot is
puts forward for locations that that you
that what you would think when uh yeah I
think this will be kind of fun uh if we
could have a board that um if it's
possible allows me and Luke to rank
things on our own without seeing each
other's answers I don't know we we'll
find a fun way to do it but uh you could
just take that metal board Sammy had and
just like tape a foam thing in the
middle of yeah yeah something like that
would probably work fine and then uh if
we just had like little uh little print
out magnets or labels we could even just
have labels they don't even have to be
magnetic we just peel them off after the
show but we could just put them on just
with the words that that'd be kind of
fun you know when I hired uh Yuki when I
called him to offer him the job
effectively um he was making sushi at
the time and for the entire duration of
that conversation he did not stop making
sushi that's kind of Chad it was pretty
sick I remember when I when I finally
hung up I was like
huh all right multitask yeah you know
about the swastika that Dennis had on
his wall right during his
interview
uh Dennis Le yeah no this
actually now rings a bell but he didn't
know what it was no he was at a protest
he was protesting a policy that the the
sign cuz I couldn't read the sign cuz it
was in Chinese so sign was like this
policy is like Nazism remember yeah I
remember this now yeah but I had to ask
yeah you know uh what's that cuz back
then you know that kind of stuff hadn't
made its way into mainstream acceptance
again yet um I don't know if it's
acceptance you depends where you go um
fair enough anyway yeah so I definitely
had to ask um but yeah he was like oh no
no no no no that yeah no no no no it was
either swasa or was a picture of Hitler
I can't remember but either way it was
it was not a good uh was not a good
first impression um how many of these do
you want I have 31 now I think that's
more than enough so why don't we do
another merch message uh yeah sure give
me one
sec oky dokie merch messages hi elus and
Luke I have a question for you both um
okay me and a friend have worked on
building a game for you're welcome your
grammar has now been corrected and thank
you for sending your merch message I was
going to correct them for them and I
thought I
wouldn't they've been building a game
for 7,000 hours how do we know when it's
ready for public beta you 10,000 hours
what what do you even that's a base
level of a skill right what 10,000 hours
I mean that's not what they're
asking like Milestone wise about
6990 hours ago to be perfectly honest
fail fast fail early is your f is your
game fun even no one's played
it
uh come on both of you are being
supremely unhelpful right now supremely
now do it do it right now yeah yeah what
do you want do now unless it's in Alpha
and it has been for a while and it's
like actually all together send it to us
now show where's my key yeah I'm an
influencer oh look give you a shout out
to 75 followers uh if for public beta I
mean you can do rolling betas with steam
now I I would try to get some friends
that you can trust to to not puffery you
um and see if they actually have fun
with the game and if they actually have
fun with the game then yeah do a public
test or do something else if it's in
private alpha or private beta go public
beta do it in small roll outs as far as
my understanding goes it's pretty common
in the in the small time game developer
kind of space thing for people to pass
their stuff back and forth and get
feedback from each other and and do
things that way as well so maybe join
like a forum or a Discord probably a
Discord these days um and see if there's
people that are interested and willing
to do a little play test of your game do
that Tesla Waters because there might be
something that like you and the person
that you're working on it with
uh think is just fine because you've
done it a trillion times but then
someone with a perspective might might
run into it and be like I don't get this
and it might be fairly easy to fix so I
I would I would do it that way first and
then then try to hit it with something
else or you have to redesign the entire
thing which happens a lot too something
that you are okay with nobody seems to
be okay with Genesis says that's been a
source of hacking too yeah of course any
any time that there's file sharing in
any Community it's a source of hacking
uh you can open it in in uh some type of
secure system whatever doesn't pirate
software help with this kind of thing I
have no idea that sounds like it would
an incredible amount of work considering
the size of creator that he
is all right hit us with one more Dan
hey you guys did a sponsored video on
sleep buds sure did how are they are you
still using them um also saw the
announcement video has 21 million views
insane for a product launch like this
all right a couple things uh here so
first of all uh even in a sponsored
video I won't say anything that I do not
genuinely believe uh first of all it's
against FTC guidelines uh second of all
it would completely nuke my credibility
that doesn't mean I've never said
anything that has turned out to not be
true um but what I do make a point of is
separating things that are talking
points from the brand and are clearly
provided by the brand and things that I
think and I won't say anything about my
own opinion that isn't actually true
regardless of whether it is sponsored or
not sponsored this has nuked many
a sponsor deal um caused many an issue
for our poor business team the
hardworking Souls that they are but it
is not something that there's any
flexibility on for us and I have even um
very recently actually lectured other
hosts and writers about making sure that
they hold their ground and do not allow
any words to be put in their mouth that
they do not agree with um one of our
writers was told uh by someone in the
production chain um hey um can you just
record this as a pickup uh in case the
brand requires it and uh hopefully we
won't have to use it and it was
something that they weren't 100%
comfortable with not because they didn't
like the product or because it was wrong
it was just a little more enthusiastic
than they were the tone was not how they
actually felt about it I overheard this
conversation and I basically said look I
got a really good piece of advice device
once on a shoot um for a car commercial
that I did like years and years ago and
um I was told to say something about the
the definition of the screen and the
center display and I said hey well uh
okay what's the actual pixel count
because I'm not going to say those words
if I don't know that it's like something
that aligns with those words like I'm a
tech guy that's my entire identity is
that I wouldn't say high definition
unless it actually had a pixel count
that could correspond to high definition
if you just mean like like reasonably
fine PPI then then I'll have to say that
like I have to say what it actually is
and they like gave me a really hard time
and they asked me to do the same thing
they asked me to record it both ways the
way that I wanted to say it that hedged
and the way that was exactly their words
and then they would find out and they
would you know make sure before they do
the edit and I said no I'm not going to
do that you have like 30 people here I
think you guys can figure it out this is
going to delay us like 5 minutes just
call somebody and find out what the
pixel count is and the DP who was
shooting it after they like stormed off
because it was kind of it got kind of
heated and I was like I'm not going to
do it I need you guys to figure this out
uh the DP leans over and he's
like look I'm on their payroll
today but good job never shoot
something that you don't believe that
you don't want to be used because
they'll use it B and because that's the
thing right it's my contract entitles
them to everything I shot that day I
didn't get it in writing that they
wouldn't use it so like from a legal
standpoint unless I can prove we had
that conversation absolutely will yeah
it's not it's not it's either not
binding or it's not worth me pursuing at
that point the easier thing to do is to
just never shoot it um so long story
short long story short the brand got it
all figured out and it turned out their
talking points were fine sure it doesn't
matter though but I just needed to know
it's the principle I needed to know um
and so so coming back to your question
everything I said in the video was true
um I have been using them I haven't been
using them every single night um there
are definitely advantages to my regular
airpods Pros in fact I used my airpods
Pros last night they're just convenient
because I don't there's no pairing
process or anything like that however
with that said my airpods Pros fell out
last night and I woke up and then uh I
woke up really early this morning and
they were dead so I couldn't put
anything back on
so the Sleep buds would have fixed both
of those problems if I had put in the
effort as I was going to bed of
bothering to pair them and put them in
so uh yeah no they're they're pretty
sweet as for the however many what was
it you said 14 million views on the
announcement what was
this hold on I can't even I can't even
find this video Oslo
sleep I I do not see anything with 21
million views oh here it is never mind
popular okay how many coms so this
channel has uh 1,000
subscribers um this video is from 11
months ago has 21 million views and has
12 comments yeah so so these are paid
views um so that's how it has 21 million
views
which is fine when you say that I think
a lot of people are going to interpret
that as boted views oh no not that he
means it was ran as an advertisement on
YouTube yeah and when a advertisement is
ran on YouTube there is a video that you
can go find that it actually is it's
they're really just playing a YouTube
video before your YouTube video so you
can find the ad that's the ad um but
people don't comment on the ad so
there's almost no comments on the video
in fact I can show you guys uh a really
fun example of how that works because uh
that video that Elijah and I worked on
for yvon's movie night in the pool uh
the analytics look super funky for it oh
no oh that's right you can't go back and
look at historical real time H okay well
shoot yeah it's been it's been too oh I
might have a did I take a
screenshot no I didn't take a screenshot
okay know people showed me but I think
it was live on their phone the real time
view used to to look like a really high
Spike and then it went like this and
then it
went and then like another Decay and
then went and then it went like flat
like this that is not normal normally
when you first release a video it starts
high and then it kind of just tapers out
and then over time eventually it might
kind of you know have some spikes and
dips and that kind of thing uh but
instead this followed a super weird
curve compared to our typical you can
actually see uh
here there you go you can kind of see
this was it petering out and this was
the first ad spend that high sense did
and then it tapers off a little bit and
then here's some more ad spend and then
they
stopped so it actually reports as normal
views in your dashboard but you can see
this estimated revenue is more
reflective of a video that got like a
million and a half views not 3.8 million
views so those extra views compared to
usual so it did well were purchased
views from high it didn't do as well as
it looks and what's unfortunate is it
kind of mucks with your analytics cuz
this retention looks really bad because
most people click off of
ads um so that's something um which I
think might we also noticed Channel
performance went down a little bit after
this video like I think that may impact
like our our like Channel momentum and
stuff too so we don't really have I
don't think we have a clear policy for
whether someone is allowed to buy ads
against our videos when they sponsor a
video but maybe that's something we'll
have to look at cuz it seems like by
juicing this video we got a lot of like
abandonment of this video and given that
they're going to be targeting our
demographic if that counts as
abandonment of LTT videos that might
mean that less likely to serve them the
next ones which is like legit except
that the it was an ad it wasn't a video
that they navigated to so that kind of
makes sense because I I expected the
video to do better and I expected the
secret shopping my own store video to
kind of kill so we might have to ask
brand oh you know what we could do is we
could have a like a garbage Channel and
we can ask Brands to use the like
garbage Channel version of the video um
Dan that's an interesting idea do you
mind actually sending just a note to uh
actually uh me and I'll follow that up
next week I'll suggest that to the
business team cuz then would you like it
scheduled or do you want me to send it
to you oh just whenever it doesn't
matter okay yeah my inbox is basically
my to-do list
um yeah we know the intro is cringe
Black Smoke Rise it was on
purpose it uh yeah apparently spiffing
Brit did a video on this and serving a
video as an ad does affect it in the
algorithm oh I I I I understand it will
affect that video but what I'm wondering
is whether it affects the profile of
that viewer that abandoned an LTT video
and makes it less likely to serve them
LTT because given how hard fought like
how hard one momentum like that is to
lose any of it over something like this
feels just unnecessary and frustrating I
don't know that it did um but uh silic
covid says how cold was it actually in
the pool it seemed you guys were really
in there for a while um the pool was
great being the top half of us being
outside the pool was miserable in fact
I'd never experienced this before but
with how cold my skin got outside the
pool and like rain and cold when I
finally did jump into the pool which was
still heated it was crazy cuz you know
we keep our pool like quite warm for a
pool but it was still a pool temperature
but I got in it felt like a hot tub cuz
I've never tried that
before so that's a thing that uh if
you've if you've like done that before
you'll know but now I know for a few
months there was doing hot cold cycles
and wow yeah I would imagine that would
be painful cuz if if a pool felt like a
hot tub a hot T tub would have been like
pretty unpleasant I would think it was
uh it wasn't a hot tub it was a
sauna but yeah it was hot it was really
hot it was a cold bath in a sauna
apparently with spiffing Brit's video
you purposely place the worst audience
in interests I.E senior book readers on
a video game video and that'll nuke all
the channels analytics after the spike
from ad serving oh interesting so yeah
maybe that maybe we we do need to do
that okay cool well we'll get that we'll
get that sorted out and we won't do that
again
yoes want to talk about McDonald soft
serve machines yeah cuz I uh I had read
an article on this already and it was
misleading I have read our notes now and
I Now understand what's going on what I
said at the beginning of the show was
wrong in response to a petition from
iFixit and nonprofit public interest
group public knowledge the US copyright
office has granted a partial exemption
to the dmca that allows restaurant
owners to diagnose and repair their own
equipment and where Luke got a little
bit confused and maybe it goes to show
you how full of misinformation the
internet can be these days I read an
article that said the partial exemption
was for
McDonald's yeah yeah like I yeah anyway
um so so Luke kind of thought oh this is
like what to help pad McDonald's Pockets
No in fact this is to go against if you
if man the m soft Ser machines are such
a rabbit hole it's fascinating it is
actually very interesting very
interesting but what this does instead
is it actually removes the incentive for
McDonald's corporate and their Partners
to um not allow franchise owners to
repair their own equipment because it
turns out those service calls are
extremely lucrative and if they let them
repair their own equipment it could be
done cheaper ly and faster which means
more chil treats for you in the summer
since the machines will be far less
likely to be broken um and it mostly
impacts franchise owners who a lot of
the time are not huge corporate fat cats
they are people who have a lot of their
monthly Revenue uh being paid to the
huge corporate fat cats but actually are
just in the restaurant business which
can be a very challenging business um so
this decision is a blow to tailor the
manufacturer of these machines which has
historically made a large part of its
income from repair calls and has fought
third-party attempts to repair its
purposely finicky machines that's a big
part of the rabbit hole is that it does
appear as though the machines are
intentionally obtuse and difficult to
deal
with sick yeah freaking love it very
good yeah there's lots of good videos
people in the chat are recommending Matt
Pat's video on it um the the whole ice
cream machine Fiasco um I've seen I've
seen other good ones I wish I could
remember right now but there's
definitely really good ones you know
this is a this is a weird aside but I
was talking to my brother my brother's a
firefighter and uh they cook it's like a
a culture thing they they cook all their
own meals so the the kitchen in the fire
hall is like really important the you
know the the people that are on
probation have to make muffins all the
time and all this kind of stuff and
you're expected to like actually be able
to cook pretty well because it's going
to cycle around who's cooking and you're
cooking all the meals for all the
firefighters that are on shift that day
right and it rotates who does it so
you're like you're actually expected to
like know what you're doing and be
pretty good like he was practicing at
home um they have special Ovens that
will turn off when they get fire calls
oh that's super cool it's like kind of
sick actually so
clearly
they they have this other problem where
the like control panel or something
thing is where all the steam comes out
so the control panel like fries itself
constantly but then they like have to
use that one oven cuz it turns itself
off when the so it's like
ah anyways uh there's a lot of good
comments about this uh clapped 4 24 a
cord clapped K24 Accord okay it doesn't
matter uh the point is they said fast
food equipment in general is ridiculous
to repair way too expensive apparently
it's $3,500 to replace a control unit in
a Tim Horton oven um this is all this is
all hearsay um and then uh uh nplus cage
says I work maintenance for corporate
7-Eleven and the maintenance game is
they've been in flo plane chat
forever just any anytime someone says
their name it's just like what whiz tick
says I'm high as I love float plane you
guys are
awesome maybe a little unrelated same
here you're on shift oh
no um this is actually a perfect segue
so you know having a little bit of
healthy skepticism when you read
something on the Internet I should have
had more skepticism last week we've got
an update on the Congo attack ad so
remember that thing last week where the
teacher supposedly was blaming me for
for resource mining or whatever else
um yeah we have since learned via post
from a second student that was in the
same class that that was a mockup
example in a media literacy assignment
where students were expected to make
similar pretend attack ads the teacher
describes himself as a big LT fan which
is how he became aware that his attack
ad had escaped his classroom which was
the only place it was intended to be
seen so unfortunate we have gotten in
contact with the teacher in question and
asked them hey do you want an
opportunity to tell your side of the
story and he graciously agreed to send
us a pre-recorded video statement let's
go ahead and play it which is so coolt
crew I was asked to create this video uh
to respond to the Reddit post so here I
am so I'm going to go ahead and read the
statement that I wrote a student
recently took a photo of a lesson
component out of context and it online
where it was shared widely the isolated
image misrepresented the intent and
content of the lesson leading to a false
and hurtful characterization of My Views
the lesson was based on a poem by Derek
Walcott's poem elsewhere and focused on
highlighting atrocities happening around
the world then students were asked to
create political attack ads bringing
awareness to set
atrocities to illustrate these Concepts
I cre created an example ad which the
student then posted
online it's crucial to understand that
this example was for illustrative
purposes only did not reflect my
personal views lonus himself is really
good at encouraging people to buy used
and refurbished electronics and isn't
isn't anywhere close to problematic in
my eyes he's the note 9
goat while the online post was Anonymous
it has caused some significant distress
for me it's disheartening to see my work
misconstrued and used to create a
misleading narrative especially since
I'm a big LT fan and watch the Channel
all the time which is how I found out
about this to begin
with so to put this whole thing to bed I
don't think lus is solely responsible
for what happened in the
Congo it was just an example that's all
signing
out what an absolute Chad okay the
version that he recorded is a little
different from the written version that
I read did it not have the note 9 he
added some
flavor honestly I think like and he
added the bit at the end about how I'm
not solely responsible for it which I
also thought was pretty funny I I think
it's a a cool engaging project to do I I
don't know he seems like he's probably a
fantastic teacher yeah ninja man away
says send that man some merch yeah I
think we need to get him a package I
think we need to get him a care package
Dan do you mind noting that down as
something to uh maybe flag that for for
Mr AP speaking of people who are goated
um our our customer care lead over at uh
Creator Warehouse uh let's get let's get
something over to him because we we
clearly we clearly need to make up for
all the damage that we've done to the
Congo honestly in a in a in a
way it's it's a like super success of
the
project because it showed the efficacy
of this type of stuff absolutely so like
his lesson plan just worked like way too
well y yeah he demonstrated how powerful
you know outrage culture can be and how
how much reach something can have when
it elicits such an emotional response in
the viewer yeah um yeah great job great
job i' I'd love to send him something
like super cool like maybe we could get
him we have a handful of photo samples
of the new backpack oh I don't know I
don't know if they're going to let me
have any of those but but we'll put
something together yeah the the the
commuter bag oh okay okay okay yeah I
was like are you leaking something here
no no no no no I don't know we'll figure
something out we'll figure something out
okay we'll figure something out but it'd
be cool to get him something like like
one of one or something that's like you
know early or something something cool
something Co I just think it's cool cuz
like I mean I be used stuff I had lot
stuff we didn't need anymore I had I
don't want to I don't want to hurt any
more kids in the
con that could be kind of cool by the
way I have still been carrying the note
9 even though uh I'm reviewing the
iPhone is that is this type of thing
what we could use the remaining Lambo
beanies for ah no no we have a plan for
them okay okay okay cool yeah um it's
not a great plan I I think it's I think
it's cool I don't know I I had such a r
I think everybody does I had such a
range of teachers when I was going to
school I had the teacher that like would
literally just sit there with the
textbook and read it or they would put
scans of the textbook on the thing and
just tell you to read it when you have
the textbook like it's just they might
not it might as well not even be there
like there there's no point in going to
their class we had one that literally
wasn't there a lot of the time he would
go to the cafeteria if you had the block
before lunch he would assign everyone's
silent reading and this is in like grade
eight when you don't need to do silent
reading in class no he would assign
everyone to like read and he would
disappear for like 20 minutes at a time
out of a 50-minute block and he'd go to
the cafeteria and like sample food ahead
of time because he was like buddies with
the people in the cafeteria I was like
this is ridiculous that is ridiculous
but then you have great teachers like
like this guy seems to be that'll like
go out of their way to create cool
projects and engaging ways to like
actually learn cuz at least for me when
I was going to school if it was just
book work
like chance that's getting done is not
super high
um but if it was like some weird
engaging different not necessarily
expected project way to engage with the
learning in a different way stuff like
that man I would be all over that so I
don't know this seems like a very
creative assignment and I'm really glad
that he was kind enough to put himself
out there and uh come and talk about you
know how he actually felt like about
that you know honestly I think uh we we
probably haven't talked enough about how
important it is to articulate the damage
that this kind of cyber bullying can
cause I think he did a great job of just
talking about like how it made him felt
and what the impact was you can tell
this is someone that has a lot of
experience um dealing with like
which let's be honest a lot of high
school high schoolers are high school
teacher and
like explaining in the simplest possible
terms why like doing a bad thing is bad
yeah it was it was well written well
well read as well yeah did a great job
yeah uh all right what else do we got
this
week Dan what are we supposed to be
doing Instagram head yeah just so run
out the rest of your topics Instagram
head confirms they lower the quality of
unpopular Clips in a recent video AMA
head of Instagram Adam moseri stated
that the platform demotes unpopular
Clips to a lower level of video quality
however this will reverse if the video
gains traction again moseri claims that
it is only a small bump in quality
doesn't make
com competing harder for smaller
creators okay that makes sense how would
they
know I don't
know a really difficult thing to me
everyone would start as a small Creator
so theoretically it's a Level Playing
Field I guess fair enough well no but
you know also kind of it's a free
platform guys and at the end of the day
content is
King a difference in video quality on a
platform like Instagram where quite
frankly the video looks like butt anyway
um no one cares
unfortunately I wish they did float
plane would do better if they did they
don't it is what it is our discussion
question is would you do the same if you
were in their position yeah probably all
right see you later what else we got for
today it's a free like Dan won't be
telling us I what I would especially do
is really old clips that haven't uh been
accessed in a long time oh that's
definitely a thing yeah like you go back
like way far back on like your Facebook
timeline or whatever and you like try to
like open a photo it like takes a second
oh but that's not grabbing off a hard
drive yeah that but that that's not
necessarily the quality level of it oh
this is just bandwidth conservation yeah
sure yeah well it's also probably
affected by storage too because anything
higher quality or more viral they're
going to be cashing it near to you
expensive storage and yeah yeah yeah
that
too at the end of the day architecting
this stuff at the scale that they
operate at is extremely complicated yeah
and little changes like this which I I
actually believe uh Adam moseri it
probably doesn't really make much of a
difference to almost anybody but who it
is g to make a pretty big difference to
is probably them when it comes to their
bills like uh on on the on the scale
that Instagram is doing this will
probably save them tons but it unlikely
to make any real difference to users or
creators Scrappy DP asks do old float
plane Clips lose quality the answer is
no float plane is not uh growing at or
even targeting growing at the kind of
exponential rate that your kind of your
VC funded
businesses of close big Tech businesses
are expecting and so even though storage
costs are only falling a little bit
these days compared to how they used to
um our our storage costs and our storage
needs are kind of doing okay so we can
maintain everything the way that it was
we we do drank uh like we have we have
like ranks of
storage but not of of quality
effectively so like if something's not
accessed for a long time it's going to
fall back to hard drives if something
starts getting feverishly accessed like
a flow plane exclusive uh LTT thing or
something like that uh that'll that'll
sit in in higher tier storage so it can
be pulled easier is what it
is want to play some AI
Minecraft
yes AI company Dart has publicly
released s like a duck call yeah I don't
know throat was weird uh has publicly
released Oasis which is a playable AI
model trained on Minecraft currently you
can only play for a few minutes at most
and it's only playable on Chrome the
results are description trippy okay uh
do you want to play or should I play or
like oh I'm going to need a mouse
probably I mean it's Minecraft give me a
sec give me a sec I got one yeah okay
you play then do they call it ow M it's
trained on Minecraft is this stupid
metal board that Sammy had for this
stupid tear thing just whacked me in the
shin please don't get blood on this
set dude my head bled from the shoot I
did yesterday with David I stood up and
I hit my head on his Borg computer oh
those are words that'll make sense once
you watch the video yeah
okay zuuk Kaku says Borg computer not
Bor not Bor Bor Bor
computer um dude we did uh we did a bit
of a different extreme upgrade or
Ultimate Upgrade or you know whichever
branding we're using for it right now um
David paid for
everything so instead of having a
sponsor for it it's just oh yeah no I
like this idea I think just we were
talking about doing this at some point
yeah it's just a video where like
David's doing an upgrade any excuse me
anyway and we make a video about it get
some get some labor the quid pro quo was
a that I and Rees would like help him
with it for the day Reese not Elija um
maybe I'll go down this route yeah you
might not end up with too many extra
holes in exct um so Ree and I were there
for the day helping him with things so
like I built his os's computer and uh
you know helped with the mountain of his
custom painted USS Enterprise and stuff
like that and um and also that we did
that video promoting him selling his
collection which was actually which got
it extra exposure which helped his
budget so it was like and then in return
you know he's giving us his space and
you know his upgrade and he probably
spent some money on things that he
probably wouldn't have to make it a
little more interesting anyway dude I
should I should con you into painting my
place the space ends up super cool I did
no painting which was nice um and I hit
my head oh I forget where I was going
with this but In fairness to me I
recently hit my head so anyway
Oasis okay so it's
muted you are about to enter a first
ofit kind video model is there sound a
game engine trained by millions of
gameplay hours every step you take will
shape the environment around you in real
time so are they going to get sued to
all
crap hold on I'm on it m which one uh
there's a volume thing on the top left
of Oasis what you talking about Willis
yeah mute that okay cool so that is only
coming from that then okay so we're good
so VX C unmute here we go boys
this o
okay what do you want what what do you
what do you all want to see
um maybe we go for rugged Coastline and
just go BC
okay a sheer drop from towering Peaks
crumbling into the ocean below trees
balance over the water and waves crash
over rocks ready for
adventure waiting for your turn ridden
by
AI oh um waiting for your turn dang it
did all of you all jump on here oh hold
on hold on hold on positioning q29 ETA
12 seconds oh okay we got
this does the position in Q
go down there it is nice
turn do
it
okay can you press button like can you
select the different items that you have
I mean I don't know
I'm just doing stuff here
uh is it super laggy uh oh it's
definitely a little laggy yeah what yeah
what happens if you limit your frame of
view and then look
up uh hold on I'm doing a thing here
oh
um okay I don't think you are okay so I
look up oh no I I meant I meant like out
in the world like did it change
yeah there you go TR is interesting uh I
don't think it's able
to uhhuh yeah so like yeah
stairway
oh where'd it
go what the heck is that thing moving
this is like your Minecraft game dropped
a t yeah yeah
uh huh H okay what's going to be over
the honestly it makes the exploration
kind of fun uh can I can I build a path
for myself like is that possible can I
is that how this works is that how any
of this
works okay yeah I
can maybe with this Starfield wouldn't
have been a useless pile of junk no oh
okay okay what's up there what's up
there I want to I want to get I want to
see what's supposed to be there
are you kidding me W there's a structure
whoa whoa Am I who is that a v whoa dude
I kept going up to like the but I made
my way away from the the mountain that
was I was on there's no long waa like
did you see what happened there W as he
just turned everything's changing I was
climbing a mountain and looking up and
it became just like whatever was in
front of me this is some Inception kind
of stuff dude Village gone this is crazy
crazy who needs drugs when you can just
play this game well wait until they have
this kinde of stuff for
VR wow okay I think I've had enough kind
of right so
um this is just a glimpse into the
future of interactive AI experiences
what's next just
imagine as far as my understanding goes
they have it they have somewh running on
Asic cards yeah the playable model was
made possible by super fast inference
thanks to an Asic card with the model's
Transformer architecture physically
recreated on the chip by deckart partner
etched our discussion questions are what
do you think of the game well I mean
it's obviously just Minecraft because
it's trained on Minecraft um how close
is it to actual Minecraft it asks I mean
in terms of like how it felt to play
other than being super leggy it like
felt like Minecraft felt like Minecraft
honestly yeah like the movement and
everything does it take much to get you
there um Maybe not maybe not that much
jump attack is a hold button y yeah I
didn't try to run I guess I could have
tried to do more things um our next
question though is how good is its
object permanence and there I would
say Things Fall Apart a little bit
that's the whole reason why the demo is
fun um yeah yeah how bad it is is is
sort of the most interesting thing about
it with that said it's also kind of
crazy the fact that this exists at all
yeah with no game engine yeah with no
cuz it's it's bad because it's not very
playable but it's also amazing because
it
exists yeah the fact that this is a
thing at all is
mindblowing um with that said it is very
clear that we are an awful long way away
from our gpus just being neural
processing units and um and this being a
gaming experience that uh that anyone
would would want yeah yeah I give it six
months would be kind of cool if that
ended up being an add-in card though I'd
be down to go back to multiple add-in
cards that'd be sick yeah get your
physics card in there get your sound
card in there get your neural card in
there well if Nvidia has their way the
GPU will eventually morph into a neural
neural pu and then it'll just like have
a GPU component on it CU you'll always
need to Output um and you'll always need
to play Legacy games and stuff like that
but pretty cool uh lucky falor says it's
like the impossible staircase illusion
with that mountain yeah that was that
was trippy cuz I was trying to look up
the mountain I made my way to like a
landscape in front of me somehow I was
like okay I mean yeah I guess in I guess
there is no up in video games if you
think about it so why would it right CU
you could move a mouse up infinitely
theoretically right like there's no
gravity in a video game like like it's
all it's all it's all artificial yeah
like we create up and we create down but
but this AI model is not constrained by
that what's up in real life
exactly exactly it's away from the
center of the Earth but because but what
if you're not on the earth anymore
where's up now no I just what no I'm
trying to make a point right now so up
in the video game is away from the
center of your
thing um sorry what center of the game
world yeah but it stopped having a
center yeah yeah so like so
theoretically this this AI model is not
constrained by that you could just you
could just keep going up you could have
more than
360 like it's just I'm just screwing
with a modest Panda don't worry about
it's like Xbox
um yeah very cool I'm more of a Down
guy I'm a down enjoyer myself like
naturally sourced or artificial you know
what you might enjoy is using a
convenient app that is readily available
to track world leaders ah yeah according
to journalists at French newspaper Leon
it is apparently possible to track the
location of President Emanuel maon by
identifying his bodyguards many of whom
have Public Accounts under their legal
names on straa a fitness app with social
networking elements this means that they
have been publicly posting their running
routes including Geo
dat which means where are they where is
the president yes problem it is also
apparently possible to do the same with
other world leaders including the US
president and both both presidential
candidates this is not a new problem in
2023 a Russian submarine Commander was
killed while jogging the commander had a
straa account under his own name which
his as salent may have used to track his
regular Roots yeah so this one wasn't
bodyguards it was the actual guy um
Andre B says wasn't there something
about soldiers identifying secret bases
the same way yes I believe that did
happen with a um with a secret US
military installation of some kind
there's a lot of these types of problems
there's even more subtle ones that I
don't think people really properly
consider um because like when this when
the when the 2023 thing happened with
the the Russian submarine Commander um I
think that brought to light to a bunch
of people like oh maybe I should
consider this one that I point out
fairly often um when I meet parents of
kids and those uh the the Kid Likes
playing Pokmon go and the parent is
just like you know being supportive but
doesn't really understand what's going
on is I like to point out that when you
give gifts in the game the gifts come
with a postcard of where the gift came
from and you get gifts in the game by
spinning stops but you are most likely
to spin the stop that is closest to your
house most often so people can figure
out where you live based on being
friends with you on Pokemon go um
I don't know CH 5609 says this is like
people figuring out that deep was
going down because of a higher number of
pizza orders to the Pizza Hut dominoes
near the Pentagon that's a longterm
thing they they they are actually like
trackers for that and stuff cuz it's
like a reliable metric that doesn't seem
to be becoming less
reliable yeah nice Washington Pizza
index yeah exactly the pizza index yeah
this is like totally a thing YouTube
users have been reporting missing view
counts and upload dates uh there's a
Reddit post from four months ago um
know some users recently though found
that there were no longer view counts or
upload dates on YouTube's homepage this
led to reporting that YouTube might be
performing another experiment YouTube
however has responded and says this is
actually a bug that is typically
experienced by users with certain
browser extensions
enabled the company suggests disabling
these extensions and a report if the
issue continues so our discussion
question here this just came up because
someone pled it for me recently uh do
you think this is a YouTube experiment
or another attack on Adblock would you
find that it would degrade the
experience of YouTube for you if you
didn't know the upload date and how many
views of video had
yes I'm going to play Devil's Advocate
although I understand why you wouldn't
want that because it could potentially
really help small creators I'm going to
why I wouldn't want
what uh why you wouldn't want it to show
view counts why I wouldn't want it to
yeah because if you're a if you're a
really small Creator you don't want
people to not click on your video just
because it has 200 views yeah no no that
would be I could see how that leveled
how that could level the playing field
in a big way yeah yeah upload dat would
I want what would I not want
though huh oh I thought you said you
said I wouldn't want it what would I not
want I was just trying to figure that
out I don't remember the exact reference
oh of the moment of when I said that oh
okay I object to this mostly as a user
I'm not really thinking about it as a
Creator however I'm going to play
Devil's Advocate against my own argument
and I'm going to kind of share an
observation that has materialized for me
over a while it's bothered me a lot for
years that Netflix doesn't
show the popularity of things like not
in a not in a in a universal way they'll
have like popular for people like you
you know they'll have stuff like that
they don't show things like critical
Acclaim or like a Rotten Tomatoes rating
or anything like that basically they
just merchandise the movie or TV show or
whatever it is with photos and
descriptions and kind of present it to
you and algorithmically track what kind
of what works for you and what you like
and what you don't and and and they kind
of they they make that whole thing work
right and one of the things that I've
observed is that my family watches
almost nothing on Plex and gravitates
towards Netflix far more than Plex even
though the library on Plex is actually
much larger and I realized for myself
that when I go to try to find something
to watch on Plex it's really hard and
one of the reasons that I kind of I had
kind of a light bulb moment one of the
reasons is the
data having the data of how good
something is makes it so much harder to
find something that you know what I
might actually end up enjoying even if
it's not good I will almost universally
enjoy something that has super high
critical Acclaim and also audiences love
it like the wild robot is outstanding
just go watch it don't question it just
go watch it um was just a great film um
but there are times when I will enjoy
something that is not critically
acclaimed for
example major
pain got a
29% rating on the Tomato Meter from
critics and even 68% like if you know
the film you'll know that 68% for a film
of this genre is actually pretty good
it's a pretty polarizing film um and I
was thinking about how if I saw
something that was rated 20 29% by
critics and 68% by audiences in my Plex
I probably wouldn't bother watching it
and so I guess where where I'm coming
back to in all of this is maybe the
metadata that they give us coming back
even to like dislike ratio crazy that
some things have a relationship when it
comes to audience score yeah I mean I
think the uh critics are probably right
on that one but and maybe part of it is
that you watched hackers when you were
young yeah and I watched it as an adult
and I watched major pain when I was
young I also think I'm into the subject
matter have you seen major pain yes oh
okay and you thought it was like dumb or
bad no I thought it was funny oh okay um
so so the problem with like dislike when
YouTube removed that was that there's a
lot of content where it's really
important to be able to see that kind of
rating because they don't have a
community notes system they don't have
anything equivalent if if a guide for
how to repair your dishwasher is like
not very good uh or if uh you know a
moon landing conspiracy video is a
conspiracy video and is like something
irrelevant that we shouldn't be watching
um they don't really have an equivalent
for that and and so the like dislike
ratio was at least a useful barometer of
potential usefulness or quality um but
view counts upload dates upload date
might be upload date depending on what
you're looking for if what YouTube seeks
to be is just an entertainment platform
where people watch as much as
possible why do they seem to be killing
Evergreen content if they're going to
get rid of upload dates though I don't
know that they're killing Evergreen
content it doesn't seem to be doing as
well we could probably have a much
longer conversation about that I think
some of our Evergreen content is
struggling a little bit we upload a lot
um we are Tech Centric which can make
even less relevant yeah even our
Evergreen content I think is less
Evergreen than say well I was going to
say comedy but comedy can come some
sometimes it AG just like fine milk but
depending on the content some some
things are more Evergreen than others uh
the guide for how to repair this
Dishwasher model is Evergreen because
that Dishwasher model will always be
that Dishwasher model well unless people
have it this is true this is true unless
it's a really um important one and
people would restore them maybe it's the
uh maybe it's the firehouse one sure
sure and people always need to fix it
anyway um the point is that maybe they
could expand people's Horizon
which could be a benefit even if it
comes with them tradeoffs and they could
improve their own internal metrics which
are increasing watch Time by actually
giving us far
less measurable like like
um uh
empirical data about a piece of
content
thoughts I might enjoy my Plex Library
more what I'm trying to say is I might
enjoy my Plex Library more if I didn't
know how good something
was I think there's too many things that
I watch on
YouTube
that the like think about wow W show
vods you're watching a w show that's 2
years old it is out of date sort of we
have a lot of conversations that are
useful you know for the history of tech
and that are not on topic yeah history
of tech though sure so what if what if
we have a w show and the title is like
Google killed the company
[Applause]
again and then you're like oh what did
they kill this time and then you're like
wait how long does it take you to figure
out that this happened years ago and
they're not talking about the 87 things
that they've killed in between then and
now like that's I don't know yeah it it
it leaves you to like you have to sit
there and watch the video to figure out
if this is actually a video that you
want to watch or not instead of being
able to just look at the date and be
like okay got it which is good for the
platform or it gets people to just leave
the platform entirely cuz it's
annoying I came across this video in my
shorts feed actually speaking of this um
Kyle it was Kyle from bitwit and the
reason it um the reason I noticed it in
my shorts feed was because the thumbnail
had um this Frame of me in it and I was
like sorry what when was when was Kyle
from bitwit talking about me and I
clicked on it and I realized like how OB
fiscated things are now so okay we've
got likes there's no view count so this
is already like happening this is
already the the direction the interface
is going I can't see how many
subscribers Kyle has in fact what drove
me oh this is interesting Oh weird the
uh
this has the channel name but the uh
this oh my gosh I swear I swear the
screenshot that I sent to our rep
earlier today did
not oh so trippy okay so when I
navigated to this not from his channel
Kyle Kyle uh Luke can confirm yeah
confirmed there you're talking there's
no channel name no subscribe button
there's no way for me to get information
about who he even is which sort of flies
in the face of YouTube's claims that the
shorts can be like a funnel for your for
your V the opposite of that yeah it was
like I I was like what the heck is this
I have no way of I have no way of
finding this anyway my point is I think
it would be a terrible thing for YouTube
because of the vastly different way that
people use YouTube compared to a movie
library but in general maybe less data
could be a good thing that's all I'm
trying to say and uh I guess my question
was would degrading the experience in
this way make you less likely to use an
ad block blocker if this was one of the
levers that they decided to pull if
you're an ad blocker they just like
remove other elements of the
page uh yeah probably would that harm
your your use of the platform I think
for a pretty considerable amount of
YouTube viewing that I do it would it
would do that
yeah
yeah Cory as the name says I find myself
judging fictional books intensely if I
see their rating prior to reading I
think about that rating throughout the
process of reading the book and I end up
losing some of my focus on the content
itself um yeah a date isn't a rating
though like I understand what you're
saying with the with the like to dislike
side of things but a a date is not a
rating a date is a um I don't know
sometimes a very old video can
communicate that it it could be a very
quality thing and sometimes a very new
video is kind of a requirement if you're
trying to keep up to date on what's
happening in US politics and you look up
something to do with um Trump for
example and running for
election yeah it could be the or the
2020 election yeah like it sounds super
annoying to be completely honest like
there there's certain things that are
just timely um what if you wanted to
find something from the 2016 what if
they used AI to determine whether a
video really needs a date on it or
not nas says YouTube has confirmed it's
not testing removing it it was a side
effect I know it just prompted a
conversation that's all I just wanted to
talk about it it's a side effect of
certain add-ons or something side effect
of your face yeah extensions we we we
said that earlier but they might be
tuning in a little did they say what
kind of extensions no
okay who knows what kind uh Dan I think
that's it for the topics on the W show
this week do you want to switch us over
it after dark okay I can do that
absolutely let's do it wow there's so
many of you watching today date is
context yeah like I don't know I think
the date matters I get it no to be clear
I want the date but like would I be more
likely to watch it's a wonderful world
if I didn't know that it was like
old maybe see I think it could add value
though or like tootsy you know cuz like
the fact that whatever just like some
old movie the fact that we both know the
name It's a Wonderful World means or
wonder I think isn't that my dad oh it
suppos to turn phrase no no that's the
uh what a wonderful that's the song okay
sure basically I don't know either of
them is what we're coming to on
conclusion but I know the the phrase so
if I saw that and I saw the date I'm
like oh I know this name it's super old
that probably means it was
amazing so I'm going to check this
out but it could go either way like if
you hear someone in modern times say hey
Schindler's List is like an amazing
movie like okay and then you see that
it's old it might go like oh it was
amazing enough for them to still care
about it despite it not being a new
release maybe I'll watch that I don't
know different people it could
communicate uh value different people
have different perspectives like uh
Ivonne for example doesn't like watching
old media she just finds especially the
audio quality when you go back a certain
amount is like not good enough for her
to enjoy um like they're they their
sound recording techniques if you go
back to like the' 70s early ' 80s were
not as good and it's not as clean as it
is now doesn't bother me I think it adds
some charm but I I can understand having
a different perspective on that uh Dan
do you want to hit us with some merge
messages yeah sure hi LDL recently my
desktop YouTube page has reduced the
amount of thumbnails to three per row
leaving me with six videos on full
screen forcing me to scroll more do you
have any thoughts on this trend I've
seen some people complaining about this
um I personally am a huge proponent of
higher density I mean but maybe part of
that is a generational Gap thing like
when I was a kid screens were small and
resolution was low and every upgrade was
so that you could fit more stuff on the
screen and so the screen would be bigger
so you could see more at a time a very
interesting Rabbit Hole to go down is
North American versus Japanese web
design oh man they're like violently
opposite dude it's crazy but they are
successful in their areas it's not just
that like you know Japanese web
designers just feel like doing it some
other way no they just don't give a no
it works better with Japanese audiences
and then when you when you try to put
American Web Design in front of Japanese
audiences they don't they don't like it
as much they don't engage with it as
much I don't remember all the details
then when you put Japanese web design
Styles in front of American audiences
they're like you get a reaction like
this delain in float plane chat says I
legitimately cannot stand Japanese web
design it's insane to me yeah yeah but
they work really well within their
cultures it's very interesting it's
actually a genuinely very interesting
Rabbit Hole part of my feelings about it
could also be a generational Gap oh wait
did I already say that part well okay I
have another supporting uh piece of this
um cuz Ivonne was talking to some other
people internally here like younger
people gen Z people and uh she was
talking about booking a trip and uh they
were like oh well you know whatever and
yvon's like oh well yeah I can't look at
that right now I'm not at my computer
and they go well what you don't just
book lights on your phone she's like no
who would do that they're like me me me
me me me me me me it is inferior ifon is
correct uh it is vastly inferior Ivon is
100% correct but apparently that's a big
generational Gap thing is that
Millennials will the new generation is
wrong go to the computer to do certain
things and booking travel is one of them
whereas jz's will absolutely just use
their phone to do stuff like that even
though they
obviously cannot do a good enough job of
it in comparison shopping and without
using spreadsheets and but that is very
much an our Generation thing even think
this we're wrong about a lot of things
we're correct about that to screen big
purchase to even think about using the
desktop going to use the computer you
know but yeah 100% the bigger the
purchase the better the chance that I
want to use a big screen to do it sure
and the same accounts but it feels weird
having money go through my phone do you
know what I mean like I'm on the Amazon
app on my phone but money has to go
through it no even just like buying a
little thing oh I no I don't mind that I
I if I just like need something right
now R based uh what what it say as a
Zoomer I agree with PC being Superior
for big purchases and like there's
certain things where I'll use both
depending on the context so if I'm just
like browsing houses for the ls like I'm
looking at the most expensive houses for
sale in Vancouver right now I'll do that
on my phone I don't care I'm just like
Doom scrolling like nonsense I'm looking
at people's fancy houses if I am
shoing dude Research phone are you
kiding sometime sometimes I'll I'll I'll
I'll go look over at North Van and just
slide that that willing to pce scale up
just be like you know if I just had a
helicopter I can just fly into work that
I don't mind doing on my phone sick yeah
exactly but like if I'm actually
shopping no I got to be on my computer
man I got to be on my computer mhm
I'm a gamerg Garder and just got an OLED
TV LG C3 and want to get an QD OLED
monitor but I'm worried about the purple
Hue I have grow lights on 69 hours a day
and never use my computer in the dark
it's very unlikely to bother you I mean
the first example I have of this is my
old aperture Grill um CRT okay it had
these two little lines across the screen
um for the like alignment wires and
I read reviews and people were like oh
yeah it's like it's annoying it's this
and then other people were like oh no
yeah you forget about it and I got it I
brought it home I unpacked it and I was
like they're really annoying they bother
me so much uh they're visible especially
on white backgrounds which you know
going back to the early 2000s mid 2000s
was basically every web page right like
everything was there was no dark mode
and I was on the brink of returning it
and paying it like 15% restocking fee at
NC or whatever it was I think it was 15%
right so that sounds correct and then I
gave it a little bit longer and then I
forgot they were there and the purple
Hue is kind of like that yeah you'll
notice it it'll be super noticeable when
you know about it and then you'll be
playing a game and it'll be like half an
hour later and You' be like oh I haven't
thought about the purple Hue in a
while I wouldn't stress about it too
much I I remembered something about the
Japanese versus American website design
thing it had something to do with
like uh like aisc of information and
desire for Comfort versus knowledge and
the Japanese web design leans more
towards information
overload and the American Web Design
leans more towards comfort and you know
you're just going to trust that this is
going to be legit
whatever it's interesting I don't
remember all the details it's actually
like a fairly deep topic if you guys are
interested but that was I remember that
being sort of one of the one of the
concepts by the way enjoy your grow
lights and uh maybe try that weird AI
Minecraft
thing that
dude can't even imagine
yeah good day boys from Down Under I'm
planning to build a new pc and pretty
sold on the 9000 x3d Series do you think
the 9800 x3d is going to be the best bet
should I hold out for something better
how are you pretty sold on that
already no comment how how you what's
going on we know too much yeah to answer
this question you shouldn't be sold on
something before independent reviews are
out um I would encourage you to watch
ours I would also encourage you to watch
others or read others neat
yeah uh lius when you were on the yard
how close were you to walking out when
they did their DJ Intro I mean I was I
was warned by Luke what those guys were
like it wasn't my first time um like
like we were we were there we did the uh
we we did the Bro versus bro first so I
encountered bit of a primer lwig by that
point wait did we do the Bro versus bro
first yeah I think so now I don't
remember no I think so no we did bro
versus bro after really yeah no okay
well never mind anyway I I knew who
lewig was um and so I was surprised but
not shocked I was I was um it was
unexpected but not
surprising I don't know I don't know how
to phrase it but yeah no they did their
their intro I think to go back and do
the yard again I would probably lean
more into their rather than
like kind of be the skeptical you know
Outsider but maybe that's sort of part
of the the deal of you know having a
guest on a show like that um maybe
everyone kind of goes through that a
little bit I wouldn't know I don't watch
the show um I had a couple people that
were like very mad about me not knowing
who anybody was and not listening to the
podcast or watching the show or whatever
else cuz I don't know it made me seem
arrogant or something um but I was just
I was just trying to be honest like I'm
I'm so sorry I actually don't know any
of your names because we all introduced
ourselves like 3 minutes ago before I
walked in here and then I sat at the top
of that slide for all of that time while
you guys were DJ racist or whatever and
so I just was like yeah no I'm sorry the
only one of you who I know is is lwig
and that just kind of is what it is and
I'm sorry
um but some people you know took that
really negatively but I mean you know
how things are
um that's actually one of my that's this
is one of my favorite sort of yard
sticks for um you know how how
marketable my faces is how content
performs when I'm on someone else's
channel uh because how our videos
perform is like this is your house yeah
this yeah exact exactly exactly like how
how uh how how marketable of a name is
is LT so I'm going to do this live but
I'm going to go and have a look at like
how you don't want to look at anything
from like a day ago like a week or two
ago um you know how' I do so Geo rain
bold pretty uh pretty appealing guest so
that that's pretty cool um let's see who
are who are some other folks hive mind
TV was apparently uh a pretty good one
cuz I don't really like I don't watch
YouTube so this is one of the ways that
I'll I'll figure out like okay who's
like a big deal like this Sea Dog VA guy
seems to be kind of a big deal so that's
that's pretty cool um rainbolt is is
pretty based yeah yeah there you
go here's one with just the crew okay
500,000 so that's kind of the high end
of if they don't have a guest
on uh what else we got do you you
already know the answer to this oh no I
did pretty good yeah 800k did you
already know the answer to this I
already know what answer to this to what
how well you did oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah you already knew the answer to
this I didn't I haven't looked at it in
like I don't know two or 3 months okay
but I knew that it was like an above
average I was wondering how performative
this was no no I just haven't looked at
it in a while okay okay okay
um yeah so it's
uh there's oh yeah Hank Green Hank Green
crushed me but makes sense Han green
yeah yeah they had Han green on so it's
it's it's one of those things it's like
it helps me kind of figure out you know
where everyone's stock is at kind of at
at whatever time they were they were on
another like another uh person's Channel
and helps me figure out if like if like
I did okay you know like if anyone if
anyone cares outside of just our like
hyper hyper geek sort of bubble that we
live in yeah um
there were there were a couple other
cutie Cinderella
crushed um I mean that makes sense it's
oh yeah 100% makes
sense um she's a great host and she's
rather affiliated with that crew rather
Affiliated amaranth it's way to say
amaranth crushed that makes sense but
yeah I was I was actually a little
surprised to see how much overlap there
was like I wasn't
expecting Their audience and our
audience to have a lot of overlap that's
another thing that it gauges so it's not
just like oh higher number on someone
else's Channel automatically you're like
a big deal in mainstream or whatever
like no um but it can tell you how much
overlap there is between people who
watch that and people who watch and
there's too many variables to draw any
concrete conclusions but it's an
indicator what's an audience that you
don't think you would perform well with
because of overlap issues cuz I I feel
like you know I I went I went through a
few in my head and one that I landed on
was like makeup but then no feel like if
you went on a makeup Channel we'd
probably kill I don't think so actually
I think so because all the dude Bros
would be like
what I actually bet you it would do
pretty all right I don't think so I
don't think so um it might do bad for
them because their algorithm is going to
be all screwed but I feel like the one
episode might do I don't know this is a
tough one if you have any kind of public
space where it's just like a mixing pot
like that the fact that that school had
the teacher and two students who knew
enough to go find this on the subreddit
and like knew who we were and like all
that stuff that's like pretty that's
pretty solid but that's just mixing pot
right whereas like an actual space where
people are selectively there because
they have an interest like I would think
I would think if you if there was a
Ceramics Studio that had a
channel like and I went on there there'd
be like there'd be nothing I feel I
might do okay no no one would care I
don't think the uh I think you do enough
weird random off-the-wall stuff on this
channel that something like Ceramics
would do fine
but it's it's like a math education
channel oh no that would be super high
overlap you think ah people who are into
math education and people who are into
technology get real yeah fair enough
they did well on veritasium it's mostly
like pretty crazy stuff
yeah no I wasn't thinking like that
though I was three brown one three brown
one or one three one blue brown one blue
yeah yeah yeah yeah something like that
too to be clear Brown I don't know
whatever to be clear veritasium I I
completely ignored that one though and
the reason for that no I shouldn't say I
ignored it I watched the video and like
Derek did and his team did a great job
and everything but I I wasn't going to
read anything into that one because his
video performance is
like like so spiky um
and which seems weird to me because they
all seem quite consistently good you
never I mean it's so hard sometimes even
a master of YouTube packaging and and
and content creation is not going to
knock it out of the park every single
time unless your name is Mark
Rober even he even he doesn't get the
same number of views on every single
video because not everything can appeal
to absolutely everybody and that's the
way it is MH we should work on that yeah
I mean we're trying Dan everybody's
trying Dan you want be more Normy no no
no no I mean uh you need to find the
video that appeals to literally every
single person sure but then I mean
that's like not possible is it yeah
nope okay up next hi dll I'm in my
senior year of engineering undergrad in
my opinion at best 96 of the 128 credits
are relevant to my success how would you
pitch higher education to your children
and do you have hot
takes part of the the original idea of
the credit system and getting people to
take credits that were not in their
actual direct courses was to prepare
people for being an adult and needing to
like communicate with others about
things that aren't just their One
Singular Niche trying to prep you for
like the world yeah I don't think it's
as relevant these days they forced and
stuff like that they forced yvon to take
one accounting course as part of her
Pharmacy degree thank
goodness wo
[Music]
you never know I guess there was classes
that annoyed me when I was in school
that I have absolutely used like yeah
there's even there's even classes that I
took back in school that I still would
have thought would have been useless two
years ago and have since become useful
like I I don't know learning stuff is
just good and useful part of it is sta
is forcing you to learn to learn yeah
and push yourself to learn something
that you're not inherently interested in
and that you might not see the point of
because you never
know understand other perspectives and
to be less generally useless if you are
more generally competent you are less
generally useless which is
awesome there's life tips right there
it's really fantastic man speaking of
higher education I was reading this
interesting article about how um College
professors are like we don't really know
what to do because they assign reading
to and they students and they just like
don't read like they literally arrive in
college going yeah we've been assigned
like excerpts to read but we've never
been assigned just like read this book
yeah and come back in a a couple days
when you're done students entering
Harvard that have never once read a book
that is flipping wild to me yeah I don't
know how to deal with that yeah
um yeah y all got to like read like a
bit and stuff literally me already
you've never read a
book I mean you got a job without it I
guess you
know I've read a book maybe oh I mean
that's better
than it's parents still read AJ says
I've only read eight books my entire
life the Harry Potter books plus House
of the Scorpion or scorpan sorion I
don't know what House of the Scorpion
is oh
I read Grapes of Wrath and I really wish
I hadn't I genuinely like think like a
thousand pages that you should read and
this is even someone who has a hard time
with it because I think it's good for
your brain to just sit there and have to
imagine Art's trolling I've read books
but not many in University what about uh
I mean are we okay with like Harry
Potters and House of the dragon and all
those sort of like book A book we don't
have to be like you know they don't have
to be proper novels kind of har Potter
is a proper novel no for young adults I
mentioned grap Grapes of of Wrath right
which is like a classic a classic
American I've read a book I've read
Grapes of Wrath I don't know honestly
speaking I think a lot of what makes
something classic is that it came first
um like quite frankly uh The Adventures
of Tom Sawyer and the adventures of
Berry Finn kind of suck the coming first
part matters though in my opinion and
like to be clear they don't suck you
know I'm sure they're full of You Know
Rich Pro and all those things and stuff
going to upset some people but I didn't
care like I I read them as a kid and I
was like seriously this this is what
qualified as like good kids books those
days my God nothing happens um you know
so I and and so I I think that um I
think that you know just because
something is more modern and just
because it's full of plot holes
and
um what no just don't worry about it and
and and like flawed World building you
know talking about Harry Potter here
right now yeah yeah that doesn't make it
not valid uh okay what just people are
quoting me quoting you I avoided that
one cuz uh the coming first part matters
oh my goodness does fanfiction count
like like I don't know my immortal and
stuff like that it was seriously his
name uh yeah I I don't know I think I
think the the literal mental exercise of
having to create a world in your in your
brain to to try to visualize it instead
of just watching video and having that
done for you in in the modern day is
actually very valuable for for flexing
your creativity muscles and stuff I
promise you nobody has made any video
content that you enjoy watching I'm
talking like films TV shows nobody made
those without reading yeah like it's
it's an important part of being able to
create and not just
consume I I listen to audiobooks all the
time tree hallucination CU I get a lot
of benefit from that as well you still
have to imagine just listening to it
like cuz when you're reading it you are
solely focused on the page if you're
just listening to it while you're
cooking dinner like you're not
hallucinating properly now I being a
novel purist I haven't read in years so
it's I I think reading is objectively
more based than listening to an audio
book I just sometimes you know if I'm
driving I'm going to listen to an
audiobook and I'm still you don't just
read behind the wheel just a full like
hard cover hard cover and then you have
your phone tape at the top of it for
Subways first oh nice good good good
yeah cuz you can't you shouldn't read
without Subway Surfers yeah you should
you should you know and I got podcast
one year yeah right good good Cory as
the name says there's something to be
said for books that break the mold and
redefine entire genres of literature
they may be weak in comparison to Modern
equivalents but those equivalents
wouldn't exist if not for the OG and
that's fine if you're like a literary
historian but I'm just saying for people
who just like should practice reading so
they can Flex their reading muscle I
don't necessarily consider that to be
the best use of their time we're not
talking about learning literature
weathering Heights also fing sucked I'm
sorry it sucks it's not good um I didn't
enjoy it I'm sorry
um again it's like boring it moves at a
glacial pace and it's like and it's a
high cognitive load to read it because
it uses kind of archaic English and it
was not enjoyable I'm sorry and you're
not going to get anybody I had this was
this was a really good I for I think I
overheard this conversation or no it was
relayed to me by Ivon and um it came
from one of um uh there's a there's a
kid that Ivon and I both know who goes
to a like a religious school
and basically you can get some really um
you can get some really interesting
opinions on what kind of literature is
okay to read from um from people who
have you know their Doctrine and their
their belief system and who are
Educators and they can kind of uh end
up prescribing a really restrictive diet
of literary materials and uh I was quite
surprised based on what I knew about
this particular teacher from Context um
that what they basically said is the
best thing for a kid to read is anything
that kid will read yeah yep literally
anything I don't care it can be
witchcraft or Minecraft or Minecraft
or did I say Minecraft go to more
Minecraft yeah whatever it doesn't
matter the point is it can be anything
just make sure that they learn to bloody
read and so you know yeah I think if you
if you if you go and you give kids like
um yeah yeah I mean I'll I'll come back
to to my example okay oh here's one I
loved the secret world of Aug um by
Pierre Burton when I was a kid and I
went and I tried to read it to my kids
and they just tuned the math out it was
the the language was not just maybe at a
bit of a high level for what they were
ready for at the time so that's was part
of the problem but not just that but it
was just it was it was written in an
older style and and they weren't engaged
with it and I could have insisted but
what would I have done I would have just
created a negative a negative reading
experience why why are we doing this I
never liked reading at all um you know
I've always had problems with that type
of stuff I was really bad at spelling
all those types of things my mom was
trying to get me into it because it
would have benefited me fairly obviously
um and I I don't think she had ever read
it before but she picked up the Hobbit
if I had to make a guess she probably
picked up The Hobbit because I liked
like video games and Fantasy games um
and she's like well I don't know just
try this uh and loved The Hobbit she she
read The Hobbit to me and I was super
into it and The Hobbit being so good not
the movies if you're a young who hasn't
read the movies sucked the book was
fantastic yeah the movies were just just
butt The Hobbit being so good drove me
to want to read the Lord of the Rings
and that was really hard not just
because of age
but but it was the story was so good
that I really enjoyed that then I got
into the Harry Potter books and then I
was started expanding Beyond there and
now reading became like a thing for me
um and despite it being hard I would
take like an entire Saturday and just
chill and read because I'm like this is
great I love these worlds that I'm
disappearing into man I wish I had
Saturdays like that as an adult yeah
anyway yeah Fox and suggested scps scary
stories on the internet does it
necessarily have to be a book can it be
like fanfiction level stuff can it be I
think it being a book has value because
you want someone to yes I think that has
value I also think there's something to
be said for it maintaining a certain bar
of quality consistent voice like Ivon
has this app called dream character with
an e at the end and basically um it's
like independent writers and I think
they get a commission from people like
buying the next chapter of their stories
and stuff like that so like it honestly
seems like kind of pretty constructive
for that's cool um for like amateur
writers
but oh my god um like they're it's just
full of like grammatical errors and uh
and typos and just like um like you'll
just you'll it's written by people whove
never read so you'll it'll be full of
like homonyms
that are just like you read it out loud
and the sentence makes sense but it's
just like it's just wrong I think
there's I think there's something to be
said for I'm not saying that language
isn't evolving and shouldn't evolve it
absolutely does and it absolutely should
but um you know in the same way that you
don't get to take artistic license with
a painting until you like understand
fundamentally how to paint you can't
really take artistic license with
language until you understand the basic
structures and know how to use them um
and in a lot of cases um you know you
you get carelessness describ or
disguised as um creativity and I um I
think there's some value
to um consuming content that has
been edited for clarity and correctness
this is what are you writing fan
fictions in the CH Dan this is like the
most classic most famous one is this a
copy pasta no this is a a like a massive
fanfiction uh based on Harry Potter and
uh My Immortal is known very far and
wide for being a work of non I'm not
going to lie I thought it was a joke no
I've never read that before this makes
it a lot better because it is actually
stupid unfortunately sincere it's like a
the room kind of
situation um my name is Ebony Darkness
Dementia Raven way and I have long ebony
black hair that's how I got my name with
purple streaks and red tips that reaches
my midback and icy blue eyes like limpid
tears and a lot of people tell me I look
like Amy Lee and if you don't know who
she is get the hell out of here get the
hell out of here there's a lot of author
your name from your long ebony black
hair yeah that doesn't really work out
because you were a baby you didn't have
that you're an actual
idiot so anyway there's that um
yeah internet historian apparently did a
read of it okay phenomenal video yeah
this is that's probably the best way to
consume uh My Immortal okay it sounds
like you're probably I was not expecting
that to happen tonight I am so sorry the
entirety of the internet
oh boy uh Lake lonus Dune I'm working
towards my doctorate in philosophy
aiming to work in Tech do you think my
time would be better spent in research
and development or policy around
implementation also second role for SC
hoodie probably no more SC hoodie we do
have a hoodie based on that pattern
coming soon you might like it um as for
what you should be working on I mean
policy around implementation seems like
something someone with philosophy
training should probably be working on
with all this AI stuff going on but
whether anyone's actually willing to pay
you to do that when they'd rather just
go in like a wrecking ball um I don't
know good luck though and I hope you can
make a positive difference in the world
there are actually companies hiring that
role good well they should yeah a lot of
them are doing but then they should
actually listen instead of just hiring
the role and so that a lot of them are
doing it in order to try to improve
their lobbying efforts oh good yeah cool
well carry on hi I work in Tech retail
and we get a lot of clients looking for
the cheap systems not understanding or
wanting to understand that they won't
get the functionality they want how do I
explain it you won't be able to explain
it the way to handle it is be
enthusiastic and be excited about the
things that you know are going to
actually make them happy take time to
ask questions it sounds like you're
doing that though like you've taken the
time to understand what they want the
fun
thereafter um and so so you just have to
improve your salesmanship be excited
about the things that will work be
extremely unexcited about the things
that won't work warn them tell them you
don't want them to waste their money
because buying something twice even if
it's only 2third of the price costs more
than buying something once that actually
works and actually fulfills their needs
um so you just have to kind of try to
try to break it down and um and do your
best every once in a while someone's
going to come in they're going to have
some kind of expectations and what you
got to do is you got to say look um this
isn't going to work for you but it's uh
clear that it's what you want and you
can give it a try here's our return
policy and uh if you come back in I'd be
happy to um you know chat with you and
help you find something that works out
better for you but maybe you'll try it
and you know maybe from our conversation
I've misunderstood exactly what it is
that your expectations are and it'll
work just fine for you just leave the
conversation open
and let's see here last one I've got LTT
number one Precision bits and PTM 7950
when I don't
know Logistics are a challenge I saw
someone uh in float plane chat earlier
saying PTM 7950 it should be in stock I
mean surely there couldn't be a shortage
from Honeywell or whatever but it's
Marvel logistics thing uh we were really
working on trimming down our stock on
the store and I think we kind of overs
swung the pendulum that way too
enthusiastic need to do a better job of
just maintaining a little bit more uh
stock of just the the the Run rate items
that uh that people are that people are
after like
um tall shirts like tall shirts yeah
I are they all like out of stock the
tall shirts the smalls are in yeah we
have small and we have nothing else for
long sleeve you have a few options um
for short sleeve it's only small I have
been tracking this often the microfiber
shirt sold
out so I think we got the order quantity
about right on that one but uh yeah
we'll uh we're we're going to we're
going to we're going to keep getting
better at it I think I hope we'll keep
trying
yeah and I think that's it we'll see you
again next week same bad time same bad
Channel
bye that's what
yep oh
[Music]